Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Media Customer Relations Representative (French English Bilingual) 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Loblaw's purpose of Live Life Well® puts first the needs and well-being of all Canadians. As a part of virtually every community across Canada, we are proud to meet these needs and make a difference by providing: 
 More than 1000 conveniently located grocery stores, spanning the value spectrum from discount to specialty 
Financial services and rewards through PC Financial® payment products and the PC Optimum® loyalty program 
Affordable fashion and family apparel from the Joe Fresh® brand 
Three of Canada's top consumer brands, including Life Brand®, no name® and President's Choice®. 
 The Customer Support Centre of Excellence supports this purpose by delivering great experiences to our customers. Through partnership and collaboration with various lines of business, our colleagues are empowered to further enhance the customer experience with one simple question in mind: how can we help Canadians live life well? 
 Role Overview: 
We are looking for a talented and enthusiastic individual who is passionate about great customer service and social media. 
 This candidate will act as a front line brand representative by responding to and interacting with customers and fans across our various social media properties. Duties include answering questions, offering solutions and mediating conversations. We want someone who will instill confidence in our customers who have shared their concerns regarding shopping experiences and product issues and are able to own the issue from beginning to end. The right candidate will have excellent written and verbal skills with a sharp wit and a willingness to work off-standard business hours to support our customers. 
 What You 'll Do: 
Respond to customer inquiries or complaints on multiple social media platforms, meeting or exceeding expectations. 
Maintain clear communication and positive relationships with both internal and external stakeholders. 
Support rapid response processes to ensure the company anticipates and/or responds rapidly and effectively to any situation requiring an urgent response 
Stay on top of industry issues and relevant industry, market and competitor news to be ready to respond quickly on our social media platforms. 
Proactively seek information regarding trends, references in social media in order to be prepared for incoming inquiries from customers. 
Report on weekly volumes and trends within our social platforms. 
Assist with special / tasks projects as required. 
 What You 'll Need: 
Post-secondary education ( Major in Communications or Business) is preferred 
 Experience with social networking including tools:  Twitter, Facebook, Instagram 
Highly organized, able to prioritize effectively and work independently in a fast paced environment. Able to handle challenging timelines 
Proficiency in Sharepoint 
Prior experience in customer service, Public Relations, Corporate Communications or online marketing is preferred. 
Positive attitude, detail and customer oriented with excellent multitasking and organizational ability 
Highly organized, able to prioritize effectively and work independently in a fast-paced environment. 
Able to handle challenging timelines. 
Problem-solver with a strong work ethic and attention to detail and accuracy. 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, both oral and written. 
French an asset 
 #LI-VB1 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
