Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 PetSmart Canada 
 __Oakville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ABOUT OUR STORES: 
Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. As a PetSmart Sales Associate, you aren’t just selling products, you’re helping pet parents find the very best solutions for their pets. With your passion for pets and our education, you’ll become a trusted partner to the families at every stage of their pets’ lives. With so many opportunities under one roof, you'll be sure to find a career path that inspires you. 
 ABOUT OUR TEAMS: 
In a store as big as ours, we need all hands (or paws, wings, fins, whatever you have!) on deck to ensure we are operating efficiently. Our stores offer multiple shifts throughout the early morning, day, and evening hours. So, as a PetSmart sales associate, you may be cross-trained in the following areas: 
 Customer Service:  You’ll be an essential part of creating sincere connections with pet parents. You’ll welcome them (and their pets!) to the store, facilitate an easy check out process as a cashier and ensure that they found everything they needed. 
 Pet Care:  You’ll ensure the safety of all living pets our stores—including fish, reptiles, birds, and small animals. You’ll be their family until they get a family of their own; you’ll help to keep them healthy, clean, and well fed! You’ll also engage with pet parents to provide them with the best solutions specifically for their pets. 
 Merchandising & Inventory:  You’ll play an integral role in helping our pet parents find exactly what they need, right when they need it. You’ll execute on merchandising, stocking, and pricing strategies. 
 ABOUT YOUR CAREER: 
And while we’re there for pets at every stage of their lives, we’ll be with you at every stage of your career. With PetSmart, you will have opportunities to: 
 Gain experience in a different business unit—from the store to the salon or the Pets Hotel 
Develop your leadership skills as a Department or Assistant Manager role 
Tackle the challenge of a new store opening 
Transfer to any one of our 1600 stores nationwide 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the excitement you feel when you help a little one pick out his very first fish. And not just any goldfish, but that one, right there, no not that one, this one, yea! 
It’s the relief Rosie feels when you help her mom select the best food for her upset tummy and her delight when it turns out to be chicken flavored!! 
It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the joy of reuniting Frankie with her family after a fun stay in our Pets Hotel. 
It’s the celebration of Bella’s birthday, Gizmo’s graduation from puppy classes or Ace’s adoption. 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 This job summary is intended to describe the general nature and level of work associates/leaders assigned to this job perform. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. You will be provided a copy of a job description for the actual position you are hired in to. 
 PetSmart is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
