Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assembler 
 ABB 
 __Beloeil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Basic Info 
Location 
Beloeil, Quebec, Canada 
Job type 
Full-Time 
Contract 
Regular/Permanent 
Join ABB and work in a team that is dedicated to creating a future where innovative digital technologies allow greater access to cleaner energy. 
 ABB Electrification Industrial Solutions (ELIS) empowers smarter business operations by connecting equipment, software and services to protect, control and optimize assets within electrical infrastructures. The business provides customers, across various industries, with end-to-end product and service solutions that help ensure the reliability and protection of their electrical infrastructure. 
 Your responsibilities 
Operate several types of machines and perform a variety of manual tasks. 
Have the ability to adapt to production requirements (technical requirements and performance) on each of the work stations assigned within the company. 
Responsible for operating several types of machines and performing various manual tasks. 
Your background 
Good physical fitness. Ability to use a computer for data entry; 
Resourcefulness, good team spirit, rigorous in follow-ups; 
Ability to manage several events simultaneously and to work under pressure; 
Comply with the health and safety rules related to his function as well as the policies and procedures established by the company; 
Keep the work area clean and orderly; 
Be punctual 
Must be available to work shifts, day, evening or night. 
Autonomy, work under minimal supervision 
 Terms and Conditions of Employment : 
Work 40 hours per week 
Day shift 7:30 am - 4:00 pm 
Evening Shift 4:00 pm - 0:30 am 
Night shift 0h30 - 9h00 
More about us 
 Named to Forbes 2020 list of top 15 employers in Canada, ABB values the dedication, commitment and expertise of our employees. ABB is an Employment Equity Employer and believes in an inclusive and diverse workforce. Committed to ensuring that all policies and practices respect the Employment Equity Program, we aim for our workforce to be truly representative of the four designated groups; women, aboriginal people, members of visible minorities, and/or persons with disabilities. ABB will provide reasonable accommodation to applicant with disabilities and encourage applicants to self-identify in the application process. 
 Reference Number 
CA76432516_E1 
Publication date 
2020-11-20 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
