  
 Open Menu 
 
 Solutions
 
 Analytics 
 Back-office Support 
 Business Continuity 
 Customer Care 
 Sales and Growth 
 Security 
 Technology 
 
 
 Industries
 
 Energy 
 Financial 
 Healthcare 
 Telecom and Media 
 Retail 
 Travel 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Blogs 
 Articles 
 Collateral 
 E-Book 
 Infographic 
 Success Stories 
 Video 
 
 
 Company
 
 About Us 
 Careers 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Responsibility 
 
 
 Contact 
 Work at Home __ 
 
 Call Center Outsourcing 1.5-minute read 
 Rising to #4 on FlexJobs’ 2021 Top 100 Companies 
 Gail Rigler 
 Sustaining business for clients and serving their customers well inspires us, requiring a steady supply of talent to meet the demands. It means being ready for whatever comes, foreseen or unexpected. 
 Last year during the pandemic, we offered remote opportunities to 10,000s of individuals working from home—some of whom had lost their in-office jobs from the crisis. We were glad to be there for them. 
 Our company did what it has always done through an on-demand business model, working with independent contractors as remote, customer-care contact center agents. In 2020, though, it mattered more than usual—placing our virtual, customer-care company  #4 among the 2021 FlexJobs 100 Top Companies with Remote Jobs . 
 This year's selection was out of 57,000 companies. In previous years, Working Solutions ranked among the FlexJobs Top 10 as well. We placed #5 in 2020, again #5 in 2019, #10 in 2018, #7 in 2017 and #9 in 2016 in the rankings. 
 After 2020, the distinction felt somewhat different, somehow more important. 
 
 Reshaped the Workplace 
 Sara Sutton, founder and CEO of  FlexJobs , points out how the pandemic “permanently reshaped the workplace,” causing companies and workers to view virtual jobs differently—more productively. 
 As a result, working remote is not only right for the times, but it’s ripe with opportunities for the near and long terms. 
 With 25 years as an onshore contact center outsourcer, we know the viability of virtual work and what it delivers in good times and bad. Working remote is versatile, with capabilities to shift jobs, scale resources and perform outside of harm’s way. Forever changing to be up to the challenge. 
 
 Being Mobile and Modern 
 If the ongoing pandemic teaches us anything, it’s preparedness. Mobile and modern, remote workers rise to the occasion, as evidenced by the events of 2020 and into the New Year. 
 More than ever, Working Solutions is proud to make FlexJobs’ 2021 Top Companies list. Like other organizations represented there, we offer remote jobs now and into the future. 
 As the nation recovers from several crises and unemployment, we believe our purpose as a 21st-century workforce is now greater than ever—both in providing jobs and serving others. 
 Learn more about on-demand contact center news. 
 Learn more. 
 by Gail Rigler on January 14, 2021 
Born in Brooklyn, Gail Rigler brings a New York City edge to her work. She blends street smarts with good…  read more 
 This Might Interest You... 
 
 Read More 
 
 Rising to #4 on FlexJobs’ 2021 Top 100 Companies 
 
 Read More 
 
 Working Solutions Spurs Growth with Housatonic Partners’ Investment 
 
 Read More 
 
 Tips to Stay Connected with Your Customers 
 Share 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With 24 years of success, Working Solutions is a recognized leader in on-demand, onshore contact center outsourcing. 
 From across the U.S. and Canada, our workforce of sales, service and tech-support experts elevate customer care and improve business results. 
 
 Privacy 
 Careers 
 Responsibility 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working Solutions LLC 
 Contact 
