
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Tremendous (W11) 
 Helping businesses reward and incentivize anyone in the world, easily and instantly, with gift cards, Visa prepaid cards and money. 
 Director of Business Development 
 $120 - $160 • 0.00% - 0.25% 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 About Tremendous 
 Our mission is to help businesses reward and incentivize anyone in the world, easily and instantly. Our clients distribute millions of rewards (gift cards, Visa cards & money) for market research compensation, refer-a-friend programs, customer loyalty, rebates, employee recognition and many other purposes. 
 We’ve grown 300% over the past year, we're already very profitable and some of our notable enterprise clients include Spotify, Atlassian, Pinterest, and IBM. 
 See a demo of our product here:  www.tremendous.com/demo 
 About the role 
 The Role 
 We're looking for a bright, self-motivated salesperson to help drive the growth of our revenue from mid-millions to eight figures. 
 As Director of Business Development at Tremendous, you will be responsible for creating opportunities, building client relationships and navigating complex, enterprise-level deals. 
 The Company 
 Our mission is to help businesses reward and incentivize anyone in the world, easily and instantly. Our clients distribute millions of rewards (gift cards, Visa cards & money) for market research compensation, refer-a-friend programs, customer loyalty, rebates, employee recognition and many other purposes. 
 See a demo of our product here:  www.tremendous.com/demo 
 What we're looking for 
 
 Self-starter, entrepreneurial mindset 
 Excellent listening and communication skills 
 Highly organized and skilled at task management 
 Ability to ask great discovery questions to determine client needs 
 You thrive in environments with less red tape and less structure 
 
 Why do sales at Tremendous? 
 
 Significant opportunity for professional growth and financial upside 
 Proven product-market fit 
 We're already profitable 
 300% growth in past year 
 Rare opportunity to join de-risked, high-upside startup 
 Work directly with founders on major deals with big clients 
 
 Other Benefits 
 
 The option to work remotely 
 Unlimited vacation 
 Flexible hours (we care about productivity) 
 Health and dental 
 
 Technology 
 Rails, React, Postgres, Elasticsearch, Redis 
 Building the infrastructure for global payments from businesses to individuals. 
 Other jobs at Tremendous 
 Software Engineer @ Tremendous.com 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $120k - $200k 
 0.25% - 0.75% 
 1+ years 
 Director of Business Development 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 $120 - $160 
 0.00% - 0.25% 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
