  
 
 
  Products and Services  
 
  Resume Writing Services   
  Cover Letter Writing Services   
  LinkedIn Optimization Services   
  Resume & CV Design Services   
 
 
 
  How It Works  
 
 
  Pricing  
 
 
  Sign Up / Free Consultation  
 
 
 StandOut Insights 
 Looking for tips and best practices to stand out in the job market? StandOut Resumes compiled all the tools you need to be successful in today’s competitive job market including resume writing tips, best practices to build your virtual networking, preparation for an interview and more! Need an extra hand? Get some advice from our professional resume writers by  contacting us today . ​ 
 Starting Out Strong: Tips for Making a Fantastic First Impression at a New Job 
 6/5/2020 
  0 Comments  
 By Julia Randall, StandOut Resumes 
 ​You've successfully submitted a resume, aced your interviews, and landed an exciting new job. You're eager to prove yourself as a valuable employee. But, as you're packing lunch for your first day, you can't help wondering--how do you demonstrate your worth to those around you on day one? 
 "It's more important now than ever to make a first impression, because your employer is going to have 30 people behind you," says Emily Sobestanovich, who leads teams at her job within the tech industry. 
 We talked to recruiters and supervisors to round up five keys to making a positive impression right off the bat. Here's what we learned: 
 
 Arrive early and prepared.  "Punctuality shows your eagerness and how ready you are," says Dalan Neuenschwander, who was recently an IT recruiter and now matches companies with candidates. Come ready to learn with a notebook in hand. Take notes, jot down questions, and record any impressions or ideas. "This shows you're listening and paying attention, that you're willing to put in whatever it takes to assimilate quickly," says Kyndall Smith, a recruiter for a high-profile IT company. 
 Communicate, communicate, communicate.  How do you start gaining trust and building a rapport with your supervisor and coworkers? "Overcommunicate," said Sobestanovich. Her recommendations are to be specific, try to ask questions that will help you know how your boss operates, and work to connect using communication. While finding out others' needs is key, it's also important to convey yours, particularly what you need to learn effectively. "The most essential part of training is making sure your boss knows how you learn best and succeed," says Neuenschwander. 
 Ask questions.  It can feel a bit awkward to bring questions to your trainer--you want to demonstrate that you're a quick learner--but don't be tempted to pretend that you've mastered everything. "Even though it's important to pick things up quickly, asking for help shows [that] you're trying to learn and willing to listen," says Smith. 
 Leverage teammates ' expertise.  "All of your coworkers have lived in your shoes for a period of time. They understand exactly what you're going through," says Neuenschwander. Don't overlook the helpful insight and advice that new teammates, who are expert resources, can offer. They'll welcome the opportunity to help you become a dynamic contributor by giving you input into workplace culture, pitfalls to avoid, and tips they've discovered along the way. 
 Go all in.  Leaders agree that it's impossible to come across as overly eager in your first days on the job. "You should absolutely put it all on the line. Go in and be yourself, even if you are a little extra," says Neuenschwander. If you're invested in your position and the people around you, they will sense that and reciprocate. 
 
 
  0 Comments  
 Leave a Reply. 
 | 
 Archives 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 Categories 
 All 
  RSS Feed  
 ---|--- 
 Land your next job more quickly with our free monthly newsletter 
   
 | 
 MAILING ADDRESS 
​ ​StandOut Resumes LLC 
​1500 John F Kennedy Blvd 
Suite C31 #59092 
Philadelphia, PA 19102-9997 
 | 
 NAVIGATION 
 ​​​About 
 ​​​Pricing 
 ​​​How It Works 
 ​​​Sign Up / Free Consultation 
 ​​​Resume Samples 
 ​​​​Service Agreement 
 ​​​Products & Services 
 ​​​Blog 
 | 
 CONTACT 
 __    (877) 660-1008 
__[   Email Us 
__[   Web Form 
__    Live Chat 
 ---|---|---|--- 
Standout Resumes is proud to provide professional resume writing services, cover letter writing services, LinkedIn optimization services, CV writing services, and more. Our Philadelphia-based company has resume writers who serve clients across the US of nearly all backgrounds and industries. (C) 2020 StandOut Resumes LLC / All rights reserved. /  Privacy  /  Sitemap  |   
---|--- 
 
  Products and Services  
 
  Resume Writing Services   
  Cover Letter Writing Services   
  LinkedIn Optimization Services   
  Resume & CV Design Services   
 
 
  How It Works  
  Pricing  
  Sign Up / Free Consultation  
 
 [2:05 PM] Sophie Auffret 
