  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
  Job Search Ideas & Perspectives   
 How Will COVID-19 Change the Employment Landscape and How to Adapt Going Forward 
 
 How Will COVID-19 Change the Employment Landscape and How to Adapt Going Forward 
 by Sharon Elber 
 The  coronavirus pandemic  has forced radical and rapid shifts to the economy as we struggle to adapt work to shelter in place protocols. As the employment landscape shifts, employers and workers alike are doing their best to adapt. 
 This article will explore some of the changes that may be permanent shifts to help workers develop a strategy that will help them succeed both during and after the crisis has passed. 
 Accelerating the Work from Home Movement 
 COVID 19 did not start the  work from home  movement, but it has rapidly accelerated it. Employers once resistant to making room for teleworking are now being forced to carve out ways for employees to contribute to the company without commuting to the office every day. 
 Like all changes in the workplace, some benefits of new ways of working are likely to reveal themselves along the way. This incentivizes employers to incorporate some permanent changes to managing their workforce. 
 For example, having employees work from home saves employers some important costs such as office space overhead including renting space, energy costs, and workplace accident insurance for employees. Necessity is the mother of invention, and many of the changes we are seeing as a result of COVID 19 may be forcing employers to find unique solutions that offer permanent advantages in terms of reducing redundancy, automating certain tasks, and more fully utilizing cloud technology. 
 Employers are not the only ones benefiting from work from home jobs. Workers who are able to work from home may benefit from many perks of the job including a better work life balance, lower costs by avoiding a long commute, lower childcare costs, and more autonomy to create a more flexible schedule. 
 In addition, experts agree that the coronavirus epidemic has had at least one important silver lining for everyone: A radical reduction in CO2 emissions that may play an important role in both delaying the effects of climate change as well as providing insight on how changing work habits may be part of a permanent solution to solving the climate change crisis. 
 Shifting Job Titles and Responsibilities 
 As employers are struggling to adapt to the new normal, workflows are shifting to accommodate new ways to keep operations running despite social distancing due to the Coronavirus. Some of these shifts are likely temporary, while others are likely to be effective workplace innovations that improve efficiency, and thus may be around long after the COVID 19 pandemic is over. 
 This may be good news for workers looking to advance in their careers. Being able to adapt to change quickly and take on new job responsibilities during this time may prove to have long term benefits for those workers who can demonstrate flexibility during the current crisis. 
 For example, if you have a skillset that is not being utilized in your current position, be sure your employer is aware of your untapped potential. This is particularly true if you have unused technical skills that lend themselves to work from home coordination and management, such as online learning for teachers, online hiring for HR professionals, and using cloud-based technology to track tasks for managers (to name just a few). 
 Now is also a good time to reach out to your employer to ask about changing company needs and how you might best serve them. Employees that approach the current workplace climate with a desire to take on new responsibilities are likely to come out in better shape on the other side of this crisis. 
 New Skill Sets Likely to Be in High Demand Going Forward 
 As the workplace restructures workflows to accommodate more work from home opportunities, a surge in demand for relevant skillsets is very likely to happen. Experts predict that this is likely to have large scale permanent effects on the workplace. 
 Workers that take advantage of their down time now to learn tech skills that are relevant to working and learning from home are likely to see more opportunities to advance on the other side of the pandemic. 
 If we zoom out to look at employment sectors more broadly speaking, experts predict massive changes to the economy, with some clear winners and losers. Although the pandemic is causing some unforeseen changes, some of which may not yet have emerged, some patterns seem fairly clear. 
 Experts predict that some sectors of the economy will see a permanent boost as a result of shifts in the workforce that may last well after the danger of the virus has passed. Some examples include: 
 
 Tech sector jobs including AI, graphic design, web design and management, online marketing, web security, and cloud-based technologies. 
 Health sector jobs including physicians, nurses, lab technicians, and administrators. 
 Research sector jobs with a special focus on biological sciences. epidemiology, pharmacology, and in particular, computer technology related to using data to diagnose, track, and develop disease modeling for future pandemics. 
 Online learning sector including developing online teaching techniques, technologies, and policy development. 
 Online retail. 
 National delivery services. 
 Data specialists are likely to see a permanent increase in demand, both due to the COVID 19 crisis as well as market trends in place before the crisis. 
 
 Expansion of the Gig Economy 
 The last decade has seen an expansion in the online gig economy thanks to online platforms that connect freelancers and clients. Jobs such as writing, editing, graphic design, computer technology, data management and many skillsets that lend themselves to freelance work are likely to continue to expand through and beyond the current crisis. 
 As a result of Coronavirus, many employers and employees are dipping their toes into the gig economy for the first time. Offering benefits to both, the gig economy isn’t going anywhere as both workers and job creators seek to build an adaptable and sustainable workflow that may be more resilient in the face of uncertainty than traditional work arrangements. 
 Temporary Job Creation 
 The unique circumstances of the Coronavirus pandemic have created a massive increase in the demand for certain jobs. However, some of these jobs are unlikely to continue in super high demand on the other side of the crisis. 
 One example includes sanitation workers including janitors, cleaning professionals, and sterilization services. Another is local food delivery services looking to fill the demand for people sheltering in place to receive food, groceries, and other retail items while sheltering in place. 
 While these types of work are providing people with much needed income in the short term, it is likely that they will fall back to normal or near normal levels of demand after the pandemic passes. 
 On the other hand, national mail delivery services such as FedEx and UPS may see a permanent boost as people become more used to online ordering as a kind of new normal post COVID 19. 
 Conclusion: What Workers Need to Know About the New Normal 
 Given what experts predict about how the Coronavirus may permanently shift the workplace, workers can make informed decisions about where to invest their energy going forward. Here are a few take-aways: 
 
 Invest in skills related to online work and cloud-based technologies in your sector. 
 Consider marketing your skills as a freelancer to take advantage of an expanding gig economy. 
 If you are considering a career change, look to sectors likely to permanently expand even after the COVID 19 crisis. 
 Work on developing critical communication skills. 
 Seek new responsibilities to demonstrate that you are a flexible and adaptive employee. 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
