Skip to content 
 Grofar 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Contact 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Grofar shortlisted for UK Careers Development Awards 
 Grofar shortlisted for UK Careers Development Awards 
 March 1, 2017   grofarwebsite 
 We are delighted to have been shortlisted in the "  Best Practice in the Use of Technology in Career Development  " category of the UK Career Development Awards run by the CDI. We have strong competition from another great company, SDS, who have been shortlisted twice, once for their 'My World of Work Live! and also their 'Virtual Reality Careers in Construction'. 
 We are passionate about raising student aspirations and supporting careers services throughout the UK and offer a solution to help schools achieve the best quality careers advice and guidance through recording, evidencing and reporting careers provision. Grofar provides careers services with a range of tools to manage and reduce administration on complex processes. Business, Alumni and Parent databases provide valuable services to schools and provide students with access to meaningful business engagements. Students have access to an online careers passport and are encouraged to take ownership of their careers development. Student can record skills, activities, business engagements and have access to a wealth of careers resources. 
 See the Grofar benefits & features here. 
 The UK Careers Development Awards dinner takes place in Leeds on 8th March at the Hilton Hotel in Leeds and is hosted by the CDI to celebrate the achievements of the career development sector. The headline sponsor for the CDI awards is the Royal Airforce and our particular category is sponsored by Prospects. 
 Our thanks go to the team at the CDI who are doing a sterling job to promote the professional standards of careers and who must be proud of all that they've achieved since they were formed in 2013. 
 We would like to congratulate all the shortlisted individuals and organisations and we are proud that Grofar has been chosen to be amongst them. We wish all nominees the best of luck and look forward to a great evening. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Events ,  Home ,  Press 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postNew Ed-Tech Tool Launched To Help Schools Seek Support 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
