Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Peri-operative and Post Anesthetic Care Registered Nurse - Victoria, BC 
 Vancouver Island Health Authority 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Are you someone who has a real passion for serving others? Are you a Registered Nurse looking to showcase your knowledge, skills, and abilities in a new and dynamic environment? 
 Island Health is looking for a patient-focused team players to join their team of compassionate and dedicated nurses who provide care to patients in our Operating Rooms and Post Anesthetic Care Units. 
 In addition to our Physicians, our staff teams consist of Perioperative Nurses, Post Anesthetic Care Unit Nurses, Anesthesia Assistants, Medical Device Reprocessing Department Staff, and Health Care Assistants. 
 Our perioperative units are state of the art, and allow our multidisciplinary teams provide a comprehensive array of services across the Island. 
 
 The Victoria General Hospital and Royal Jubilee Hospital are the Island's primary centres for trauma. 
 Nanaimo Regional General Hospital, located mid-Island, is a major referral centre for general surgery. 
 Duncan in this slightly smaller community, Cowichan District Hospital continues its own OR upgrades to accommodate expanded services with three operating suites. 
 West Coast General Hospital serves the communities of Port Alberni, Parksville, Qualicum Beach, Tofino and Ucluelet. 
 The North Island Hospital Campbell River & District has two endoscopy suites and four operating rooms that support surrounding communities and islands. Comox Valley Hospital has six operating rooms and two endoscopy suites. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 Education, Training And Experience 
 
 Registration with BC College of Nursing Professionals as a practicing RN registrant. 
 Recognized post-basic Peri-operative or PACU education required for clinical areas, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 Basic Life Support, Level C required. 
 Advanced Cardiac Life Support for Emergency Room, ICU and Critical Care Relief Pool required. 
 Two years' recent related experience for critical care and speciality units (i.e. Emergency, ICU, O.R., P.A.R., Obstetrics, Paediatrics, Psychiatry); 
 Scrub nurse experience plus one year's recent related experience for all other areas. 
 
 Skills And Abilities 
If you would love to work with a progressive and cohesive team, we would love to hear from you! Apply Today! 
 
 Link to Full Job Description * 
 
 https://jd.viha.ca/JD4606.pdf 
 
 Additional information for applicants * 
 
 Are you a Registered Nurse looking to showcase your knowledge, skills, and abilities in a new and dynamic environment? Island Health is looking for a patient-focused team players to join their team of compassionate and dedicated nurses who provide care to patients in our Operating Rooms and Post Anesthetic Care Units Regular full time, Part time, Temporary and casual positions may be available 
 Location 
 
 Campbell River & District General Hospital - Campbell River, BC V9W 3V1 CA 
 Comox Valley Hospital - Courtenay, BC V9N 0B9 CA 
 Cowichan District Hospital - Duncan, BC V9L 1E5 CA 
 Nanaimo Regional General Hospital - Nanaimo, BC V9S 2B7 CA 
 Royal Jubilee Hospital - Victoria, BC V8R 1J8 CA 
 Victoria General Hospital - Victoria, BC V8Z 6R5 CA (Primary) 
 West Coast General Hospital - Port Alberni, BC V9Y 4S1 CA 
 
 Multi-Site: No 
 Travel Requirement: No travel required 
 Shift Start Time/End Time: As required 
 Days Off: Rotating 
 Vacancy Type: Regular FT 
 Salary Range (Hourly Rate): $35.53 - $46.65 
 FTE 1.0 
 Bi-weekly Hours 
75 
 CRC required? (employee will be working with or have access to children or vulnerable adults and requires a Criminal Record Check): Required for Professional Registration 
 Reference ID: 128557 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $33.53-$46.65 per hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
