Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 11 Mar  2014 
 Temporary Pressure Equipment-fitters and welders 
 Ascora -  Pirkanmaa  , Finland 
 Job Description 
 Among our clients are. energy, process, chemical, forestry, metallurgy, and mining enterprises and municipalities. 
 We offer design, maintenance, refurbishment and life-cycle services and repairs. We have offices in Tampere and Varkaus PRESSURE EQUIPMENT INSTALLATION ENGINEERS AND welder, including: tasks consist of the pressure equipment installation and other industrial welding and assembly tasks in Finland and abroad. 
 Appointments are for a term, and job duration varies from 3 months - 6 months. Tasks carried out in the customer's premises or facilities. We require that: You must have suitable technical training and experience in power or industrial plant installation tasks, especially those of site. You will feel a broad painelaiteasennuksien requirements and complied with the provisions of sites. Orld also experience pressure equipment, lifting and hauling. Painelaitehitsareille has the advantage of already existing welding classes BS 3834-2. Welding Classes in force feeling is not a necessity, just a welding class know-how of mounting kohtainsesti project. You are responsive and work with like to the group. Do you want to learn and develop as a multi-skilled Ascora's mission. 
 We will offer you: We offer you interesting and challenging tasks at home and abroad. TES according to salary. Locations should be in Finland, but the experience and knowledge of languages, depending on the potential you could also participate in our projects around the world. 
 Tasks are carried out at your location or our facilities in Tampere. We require that: You must have suitable technical training and experience in the valve installation and maintenance of the related activities, in particular those of site. You will feel a widely valve types and their components. You know how to use the tools required for servicing the valve. Hitsauskorjauksissa required to the existing classes of BS 3834-2 welding material according to the classes. 
 Welding Classes in force feeling is not a necessity. You are responsive and work with like to the group. Do you want to learn and develop as a multi-skilled Ascora's mission. We will offer you: We offer you interesting and challenging tasks at home and abroad. 
 Locations should be in Finland, but the experience and knowledge of languages, depending on you could also participate in our projects around the world. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Construction Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Temporary . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 4940 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 18 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Mining Engineer 
Location
 OUTOKUMPU  FI
Date Posted
 30 Sep  2014
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Roofer 
Location
 Kirkkokatu 63.90120 Oulu  FI
Date Posted
 24 Aug  2014 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Birthing Finnish Equipment Heads for the Middle East 
 Scandinavian Cruise Lines Report Increased Profit 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
