Skip to content 
 Musings of A Stretcher Ape 
 Tales of another reality. Reminiscences of my time in the sick people business, and random thoughts otherwise clinging to my attention, like a baby monkey on a weimaraner. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Contact 
 
 Life in Da City! 
 Things you learn in your early jobs…. 
 August 16, 2019August 1, 2019   Reltney McFee 
 Before I was a medic, full of derring do and beating back the scourge of death and disease, I was an orderly at Da City General Hospital. There, I shuffled bedpans, obtained vital signs and generally attempted to do all the routine stuff that did not require the skills nor education of a nurse. I learned a lot, particularly among those things that I learned, was that I did NOT desire to become a floor nurse on a med surg floor. 
 One day, I was gathering the vitals on our guests, working my way through the wards. One particular gentleman had recovered, sort of, from a stratospherically elevated fever. In most regards, he was on track to recuperation, although the fever had done malign things to his brain. He appeared to have a rudimentary understanding of his surroundings, and did not engage in conversation. We were feeding him each of his meals, although he had (re)mastered chewing and swallowing. 
 So, bright and early, before my coffee had had the opportunity to effect therapeutic caffeine levels (in my bloodstream, that is), I was bent over at his bedside, both siderails up and secured. For some reason, I was having difficulty establishing his BP, and went through several retries. 
 On one of them, I had failed to note that he had scooted himself over to the rail, rolled onto his right side, and introduced his penis through the slats of the siderail. That, of course, placed me downrange of the volley of urine he was about to produce. 
 It is never good to be downrange when that range is hot. I received quite the baptism, and reacted smoothly, suavely, and effectively: I cursed, and attempted to leap, from a standing start, over the bed. Didn't work, but the other patients in the ward certainly found it amusing. 
 Later on, on a night shift, I was working on the orthopedic floor, and the nurse requested that I provide a suppository of one sort of medication or another, to one of our male patients. Sure, no prob. She bade me pause, before I left the nurse's station to administer this to the patient, and asked me, “So, Mr. McFee, how are you going to do this?” 
 I recited, “I'll inform the patient that this is the suppository of (whatever it was) that your doctor ordered, and the nurse handed to me, so if you would be so kind as lay on your left side, I will lubricate it, and, with my gloved finger, insert it into your rectum.” 
 She paused. “You missed a step.” 
 Huh? “Uh, what step would that be, ma'am?” 
 “You did not include removing the suppository from it's foil wrapping.” 
 Huh? “Uh, OK, ma'am, I'll be sure to remove the foil from the suppository, before I administer it.” 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by Reltney McFee 
  View all posts by Reltney McFee  
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 AARRGGHH!   Noobs!   Nursing   surprise! 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Another Winter Tale 
 Next Post MAST Trousers 
 2 thoughts on "Things you learn in your early jobs…." 
 
 Rob  says: 
 
 August 16, 2019 at 2:18 pm 
 Learning a "NOT" is a very good thing to learn. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Cederq  says: 
 
 August 16, 2019 at 9:07 pm 
 I think all of us had made a mistake or two in our early medical learning… I like to think all my past charges are still alive or, at least not dead because of the lesson was not learned. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 Facebook  
 LinkedIn  
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 About Me 
 I have many interests. I wandered into The Sick People Business, because I had been a Scout, and took the "Be Prepared!" motto, seriously. I like to shoot, although I suck at it. I like the outdoors, and camp as often as I can. I'm a Ham radio Operator (No, it is only "sorta!" like CB. Arrrgghhh!), because it provided me a way to serve my community when I stopped taking ambulance calls. 
 I've served in an urban EMS system (although, calling Da City's EMS a "system", kind of stretches that term nearly out of recognizable shape!), and a couple of rural volunteer ambulance services. And, I'm full of….stories! 
 Folks who are smarter than me! 
 
 Musings of A Stretcher Ape 
 Counter Jockey Chronicles 
 gunfreezone.net/ 
 Notes From The Bunker 
 http://coldfury.com/ 
 Raconteur Report 
 
 Abbreviations, Acronyms, Jargon and Terms of Art 
 
 Abbreviations, Acronyms, Jargon, and Terms of Art 
 About Me 
 Contact 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 March 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Musings of A Stretcher Ape 
 Tales of another reality. Reminiscences of my time in the sick people business, and random thoughts otherwise clinging to my attention, like a baby monkey on a weimaraner. 
 Counter Jockey Chronicles 
 Tales of another reality. Reminiscences of my time in the sick people business, and random thoughts otherwise clinging to my attention, like a baby monkey on a weimaraner. 
 gunfreezone.net/ 
 Where a Redneck Jew and a Hispanic Catholic write about Gun Rights, Self Defense and whatever else we can think about. 
 Notes From The Bunker 
 Tales of another reality. Reminiscences of my time in the sick people business, and random thoughts otherwise clinging to my attention, like a baby monkey on a weimaraner. 
 http://coldfury.com/ 
 Tales of another reality. Reminiscences of my time in the sick people business, and random thoughts otherwise clinging to my attention, like a baby monkey on a weimaraner. 
 Raconteur Report 
 Tales of another reality. Reminiscences of my time in the sick people business, and random thoughts otherwise clinging to my attention, like a baby monkey on a weimaraner. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
 %d bloggers like this: 
