  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Finance & Management Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/) 
 9 hours ago 
 Proof Reader 
 Published: 9 hours ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 2 
 Need someone who is trained in Economics to assist in auditing some Economics materials.  The material can be in video or written form. Must know your economics subject fairly well. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Published by:  T. Singapore Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 3 days ago 
 Procurement and Inventory Management 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 1 
 Expected to answer any 2 of following 5 questions* 
 Questions 
 
 Procurement Process 
Part A-20 marks 
Develop a structure for the sourcing process that CCC could implement to support a new company wide procurement strategy. Identify which processes are especially relevant for the diversity of the 3 main product groups; 
•    Concrete. 
 
 •    Steel. 
•    Glass. 
Part B-20 marks 
Discuss how the structure and strategy described above will support such important issues as; supplier selection, volume forecasting, transportation, etc. 
Discuss and give examples of which element of the proposed procurement sourcing process initiative would be most relevant for each product group. 
2.    Supplier Relationship 
As each “project” requires a wide range of local services to complete the work, to the satisfaction of the customers, they will no doubt face many different problems with supplier’s products due to the issues from the case study. Discuss what these problems may be and identify how CCC may be able engage and work with global suppliers to leverage volume purchasing and control distribution to reduce the overall spend on each product group identified in Question 1.  Discuss how the relationship between local and global suppliers and CCC will change under this scenario (i.e. 
CCC working with global suppliers) – 30 marks 
You should Illustrate best practices e.g. From construction companies you find in your research- 10 marks 
 3. Inventory Management Techniques and Improvements 
 Appraise the merits, validity and risks associated with the following techniques with respect to the challenges facing CCC in managing the flow to construction sites (point of usage) of the three product types; Concrete, Steel and Glass identified in Question 1. 
•    ABC Analysis-8 marks 
•    Supply scheduling-8 marks 
•    Dependent demand-8 marks 
•    Bulk orders 8 marks 
•    Vendor Managed Inventory 8 marks 
 
 Ethical Practices 
40 Marks 
Consider the ethical and environmental issues, specifically relating to procurement, that may affect a business like CCC with special consideration for the production, handling, transportation and disposal of the three product types; Concrete, Steel and Glass identified in Question 1. Consider any issues with the distribution and storage of these product types that affect this type of industry. 
You should support your response with relevant examples from construction or other industries or your own experiences. 
 
 5. Contract Considerations 
Part A-25 marks 
While the new sourcing and procurement processes are been developed, CCC must also in parallel consider the impact on any existing contracts in place with suppliers who may be able to provide a more global service. They need to develop/modify existing or create suitable contracts that will support the new procurement strategy. 
Part B-15 marks 
Discuss how CCC may do this. You need to explain the potential impact this will have on current projects with a focus on the management and lifecycle of the new and existing contracts. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Project management 
 Project size  : Medium-sized project and team 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. O. Turkey 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 days ago 
 Iso standards for Construction Industry 
 Published: 4 days ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 0 
 ISO Certification is usually beneficial for industries because it helps in achieving business productivity. It also helps organizations to reinforce customer satisfaction and improve product quality 
ISO Certification consists of certain guidelines, standard practices, and requirements. It'll help to rework organizational culture. 
 The organization will embrace the method of : 
· Practicing quality first business processes 
· Optimizing business operations to continue, and, 
· Achieve higher business productivity. 
ISO Certifications ideal for the construction Industry 
The most beneficial ISO Certifications for the construction Industry are: 
· ISO 9001:2015 Certification for Quality Management System 
· ISO 14001: 2015 Certification for Environmental Management System 
· ISO 45001: 2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management Standard 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 6 days ago 
 Learning Consultant - Bilingual En-Pt  prime client 
 Published: 6 days ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 0 
 For one of our customers in Workana we are looking for a bilingual (en-pt) learning consultant with experience or knowledge in it business. 
 A person who is formally trained in adult education, particularly with a focus on business or corporate skills, as opposed to a high school or college teacher. 
 A person who is very comfortable with taking a person who is a subject matter expert and helping them to form their subject matter expertise into measurable blocks of content. So the content can be delivered to the subject matter expert’s prodigies so they can learn more and gain skills from the content. 
 A learning consultant that will help to form all the content so we can see all the steps of what the prodigies are learning, how their experience is being gained, and a level of measurement and success for their activities. 
 Requirements: 
Formal education in adult learning. 
Formal education in curriculum development. 
At least 5-6 years of learning consultant experience in a business setting, preferably a high tech setting. 
 NOT purely academic setting. 
Able to handle 5-6 projects at once. 
 Time length: 
Maximum 10 hours per week 
About 8-10 weeks 
 If you are interested and have the necessary skill, please send us your proposal including your updated CV. 
 Thank you! 
 Workana Team! 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  K. F. -. W. Last reply: 3 days ago  Brazil 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Statutory and Tax Accountant (freelance job) 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 About the company 
 IWG has been at the forefront of the flexible workspace revolution for more than 30 years. We have made it possible for organisations and individuals everywhere to take a new approach to the traditional working day. We have over 3,400 locations across over 110 countries allowing millions of people every day to have a great day at work. 
 Our customers are start-ups, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large multinationals. With unique business goals, people and aspirations. They want workspaces and communities to match their needs. 
We provide them with choice through our portfolio of brands, covering serviced offices (Regus, Spaces, HQ, Signature and No18), commercial real estate brokerage and managed office solutions. 
Join us at  www.iwgplc.com 
 Job Purpose 
 The purpose of this job is to complete all Country Statutory Accounts and complete all corporate income tax filing, ensuring filing is timely, accurate, complete and compliant with the relevant requirements. 
This person will also assist with local tax audits as required and act as our tax filing subject matter expert, working within internal business reporting and external statutory timeframes. Close collaboration with other teams involved in data extraction and filing preparation (i.e. The global and local shared service centres). 
 Key Responsibilities 
 •    Maintain documentation of local statutory requirements (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc) up to date. 
•    Review and/or prepare data required for the completion of all tax and statutory filings. 
•    Manage and keep the tax calendar and documentation of local tax requirements (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc) up to date. 
 •    Proactively file all requirements locally with the authorities and answer queries. 
•    Manage local audits. 
•    Act as the local expert, communicating with authorities or auditors as needed. 
•    Build proactive working relationships with the shared service centres. 
 •    Assist with company secretarial activities, specific to the country. 
•    Undertake a range of other ad-hoc activities as the local country finance representative (i.e. One-off admin tasks required onsite). 
 •    Manage and keep the corporate calendar up to date (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc). 
•    Manage company secretarial activities, specific to the country. 
•    Undertake a range of other ad-hoc activities as the local country finance representative (i.e. 
One-off admin tasks required onsite or with local language dependencies). 
•    Review and/or prepare and/or file data required for the completion of all statutory filings. 
•    Management of national and cross border transfer pricing and service agreements. 
 Required Skills, Experience & Qualifications 
 •    Accounting qualification. 
•    10 years + experience, including recent experience in a similar level role. 
•    Technically strong, with a working knowledge of local GAAP. 
 •    Proven ability to meet statutory compliance obligations. 
•    Extensive experience of producing Statutory Accounts and Annual Reports and documents relating to company secretarial requirements. 
•    Flexible approach, adaptable to change. 
 •    Excellent communication skills – previous experience of working remotely an advantage. 
•    Self-motivated. 
•    Native language and fluent in English. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. P. United Kingdom 
 USD 250 - 500 
 2 weeks ago 
 Kioskto Go 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 2 
 Hello there. We are looking for a good and committed professional to build our project. 
Please, we appreciate if you read all the informations above. 
 And feel to make any questions by email, here, or even a Skype talk. 
We are looking forward for a long period partner, so it's important to doesn't matter how we go, make a video call before any 
agreement, anyways. 
That’s the resume of the project: 
KIOSKGO 
We need an app to make deliveries for Kiosks in Germany, initially in Frankfurt with potential to expand the whole Germany. 
 Most of the sales will be around products like Beers, Cigarettes, Sweets, Chips… Fast delivery for people in the streets or parks around 
the city and in their homes. 
The app is not exactly like a food delivery app, because we will not have the list of the Kiosks (provider, like a restaurant) in the Front 
App. The client will just choose the product in a single Catalog and buy it. 
 But each Kiosk will have their own storage management. 
With this functionality we need some specific changes in the normal process. We are listing the buying route above tagging some 
particular specifications of our product. 
 Introduction: 
1. We need the App for the Driver, The Kiosks and the Front app for the Costumers. 
2. The App will have one single catalog of products with categories and just us, the administrators will manage the front catalog. 
3. The Kiosks (providers) that are registered on the App, will be able to select the products that we have in the App Catalog and 
than select the amount of storage they have for each product in their own storage. 
4. The storage of the Catalog will come from the Kiosks. 
5. So, we control the Catalog, the Kiosks control the storage they have of our products. 
6. If any of the Kiosks have some of the products, the product will disappear from the front-end Catalog. 
Buying Process: 
1. The Customer opens the app and chooses the products, add in the cart and finalize the purchase. 
 2. The App will calculate first wich Kiosk gonna have all the products for that order, and the Kiosk needs to accept the order in 
his app, let's suppose in 1 minute maximum. 
3. If the Kiosk don't accept the order, the App will calculate the next closest Kiosk. 
4. If none of the Kiosks have all the products at once, the App will calculate the order with 2 or maximum 3 Kiosks in a radius of 
5km and divide the orders according to the storage (we need to able to control this functions). 
5. Example: 1 Kiosk have 3 beers + Cigarette, and the second closest Kiosk have the Wine. 
6. After the Kiosks accept the order, the App will search the closest Drivers and the offers the order, the first Driver wich accept 
the delivery will get the order. 
7. The Driver will drive to the first (or only) Kiosk, get the first delivery, apply the withdraw in the App and drive to the next Kiosk 
to get the other products. And activate the delivery process for the Customer. 
8. Emergency: It can happens that the Driver gets in the Kiosk and the Kiosk with the approved order says that he dont have the 
product anymore, so there must be a button of Emergency, that will make the App recalculate new Kiosks with the storage, 
and the Kiosk that missed the order will be blocked until we unblock it on the system. 
9. After the Driver confirmed the withdraws, the Customer will receive the new time delivery process "Delivering". 
10. After the delivery, the Driver confirm it and the order its done. 
 Needs and Observation: 
1. All the processes will be kept into our system, where the administrative can check in a Desktop panel or website. 
2. Extra information: When the client finishes the purchase process if there is a cigarette or alcohol in the cart it will be necessary 
to insert an ID verification. We need to check for a German api of id card, use as a reference: 
 https://tabakstore.de/produkt/pueblo-tabak-kaufen/ 
3. * Besides the api of the id german card, the user should be able to upload a photo of an document (check the page) 
4. 
 *Extra step in the delivery process: When the Driver delivers the pack, he asks for the ID card or document for comprove, and 
he can have the possibility to takes a photo of it in the last step of the delivery. The ID card will be attached in our system with 
the client who made the purchase. 
5. We need to have a central administrator user to control all the purchases and to know how much we need to pay for each 
Kiosk every week or 2 weeks, we need to able to control that. 
6. We need someone who can be present and with a good contact for support afterwards. 
7. The Driver need to have a full register with a photo in the app, and uploaded documents for verification in our side. 
8. We need to be able to control the distance in Kms for the Kiosks and delivery rate. 
9. We need to rate the users of the app in each step. So when the Driver withdraw the order he just select 1 to 5 stars for the 
Kiosk. When the client receive the delivery he can evaluate 1 to 5 stars for the driver. 
 Category: IT & Programming 
Subcategory: Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
What is the scope of the project?: Create a new app 
Is this a project or a position?: Project 
I currently have: I have specifications 
Required availability: As needed 
Required platforms: Android, iPhone 
I need to: Create an app 
App type: Other 
Back-end is required: Yes 
Payment gateway: Yes 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. Germany 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 weeks ago 
 General Back office Accounting 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 I need A Programmer In Oracle Database , The program for Back office System including POS ( point of Sales) with QR reading on Guest profiles , Build chart of account and cost center and vouchers type related to small and med business sectors 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. A. Philippines 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
