
 __ 
  __    __ 
 __ 
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 __ 
 Search 
 Sunday, January 24, 2021 
 
 Contact 
 
  __    __ 
 __ 
      World ABC News  
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 
 Home  __ Business  __ U.S. jobless numbers surge as worsening COVID-19 pandemic hurts businesses 
 
 Business 
 
 U.S. jobless numbers surge as worsening COVID-19 pandemic hurts businesses 
 By 
 worldabcnews 
 - 
 January 14, 2021 
 __0 
 __17 
 __Share on Facebook   __Tweet on Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 The number of Americans filing first-time applications for unemployment benefits surged last week, confirming a weakening in labour market conditions as a worsening COVID-19 pandemic disrupts operations at restaurants and other businesses. 
 Initial claims for state unemployment benefits totalled a seasonally adjusted 965,000 for the week ended Jan. 9, compared to 784,000 in the prior week, the U.S. Labour Department said on Thursday. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast 795,000 applications in the latest week. 
 It's the highest number since late August. Applications declined over the summer but have been stuck above 700,000 since September. 
 Claims were also likely lifted by re-applications for benefits following the government's renewal of a $300 US unemployment supplement until March 14 as part of nearly $900 billion in additional relief approved at the end of December. 
 Government-funded programs for the self-employed, gig workers and others who do not qualify for the state unemployment programs as well as those who have exhausted their benefits were also extended. 
 Authorities in many states have banned indoor dining to slow the spread of the coronavirus. The economy shed jobs in December for the first time in eight months. 
 The Federal Reserve's Beige Book report of anecdotal information on business activity collected from contacts nationwide in early January showed on Wednesday that "contacts in the leisure and hospitality sectors reported renewed employment cuts due to stricter containment measures." 
 The central bank also noted that the resurgence in the coronavirus was causing staff shortages in the manufacturing, construction and transportation sectors. 
 Most infections of any country 
 The virus has infected more than 22.5 million people in the United States and killed over 376,188, the most of any country. More than 4,300 deaths were reported Tuesday, a record high. 
 Though jobless claims have dropped from a record 6.867 million in March, they remain above their 665,000 peak during the 2007-09 Great Recession. Economists say it could take several years for the labour market to recover from the pandemic. 
 Hundreds wait in line to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Fort Myers, Fla., in late December. Economists are hopeful the economy will turn around in late 2021. (Andrew West/The News-Press/USA Today Network/Reuters) 
 "While prospects for the economy later in 2021 are upbeat, the labour market recovery has taken a step backward," said Nancy Vanden Houten, an economist at Oxford Economics, "and we expect claims to remain elevated, with the risk that they rise from last week's levels." 
 Last week's applications for aid might have been elevated in part because state employment offices had been closed over the holidays, requiring some jobless people to wait until last week to apply. 
 5.3 million Americans receiving jobless benefits 
 In addition to last week's first-time applications for unemployment aid, the government said Thursday that 5.3 million Americans are continuing to receive state jobless benefits, up from 5.1 million in the previous week. It suggests that fewer people who are out of work are finding jobs. 
 About 11.6 million people received jobless aid from two federal programs in the week that ended Dec. 26, the latest period for which data is available. One of those programs provides extended benefits to people who have exhausted their state aid. The other supplies benefits to self-employed and contract workers. 
 Those two programs had expired near the end of December. They were belatedly renewed, through mid-March, in the $900-billion rescue aid package that Congress approved and President Donald Trump signed into law. That legislation also included $600 relief cheques for most adults and a supplemental unemployment benefit payment of $300 a week. Congressional Democrats favour boosting the cheques to $2,000 and extending federal aid beyond March, as does president-elect Joe Biden. 
 The U.S. job market's weakness was made painfully clear in the December employment report that the government issued last week. Employers shed jobs for the first time since April as the pandemic tightened its grip on consumers and businesses. 
 The figures also depicted a sharply uneven job market: The losses last month were concentrated among restaurants, bars, hotels and entertainment venues. Educational services, mostly colleges and universities, also cut workers in December. So did film and music studios. 
 Most other large industries, though, reported job gains. Many economists had expected last spring that job losses would spread to more industries. Though all sectors of the economy initially laid off workers, most of them have avoided deep job cuts. Manufacturing, construction, and professional services like engineering and architecture, for example, all added jobs in December. 
 At the same time, many companies seem reluctant to sharply ramp up hiring. A government report Tuesday showed that employers advertised fewer open jobs in November than in October. The decline, while small, was widespread across most industries. 
 Source link  
 
 TAGS 
 businesses 
 Covid19 
 hurts 
 jobless 
 numbers 
 pandemic 
 surge 
 worsening 
 
 SHARE 
 __Facebook   __Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 
 
 tweet 
 
 
 
 Previous article Brexit: British expats warned 'passporting is over' as accounts are closed and costs rise | Personal Finance | Finance 
 Next article New Gameplay Today – Ender Lilies: Quietus of the Knights 
 
 worldabcnews 
 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 
 
 Business 
 N.S. video game industry on the hunt for workers as pandemic drives up sales 
 
 Business 
 Digital health VC survey, edtech M&A, deep tech marketing, more – TechCrunch 
 
 Business 
 Florida cracks down on vaccine tourism, requires proof of residency to get vaccinated for COVID-19 
 
 LEAVE A REPLY  Cancel reply 
 Please enter your comment! 
 Please enter your name here 
 You have entered an incorrect email address! 
 Please enter your email address here 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 LATEST NEWS 
 
 Liev Schreiber arrives on the Venice set of his movie Across The River And Into The Streets 
 worldabcnews  - December 12, 2020 
 0 
 
 Child benefit rates 2020/21: How much Child Benefit am I eligible for? | Personal Finance | Finance 
 December 4, 2020 
 
 Pope Francis marks special priesthood milestone as climate change bombshell sparks chaos | World | News 
 December 14, 2020 
 MUST READ 
 Smash Bros Ultimate DLC fighter 8 WILL get revealed at Game Awards 2020 |... 
 worldabcnews  - December 10, 2020 
 0 
 Universal Credit UK: Help to Save claimants receive bonus payment in time for Christmas... 
 worldabcnews  - December 18, 2020 
 0 
 Ruth tries to calm hysterical Doctor Phillippa as she LOSES IT at Eamonn over... 
 worldabcnews  - December 14, 2020 
 0 
 Load more __ 
 
 Get the latest news stories and headlines from around the world. We provide you with the latest breaking news, stories and videos. 
 Contact us:  info@worldabcnews.com 
  __    __ 
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
 George Russell breaks silence after Mercedes confirm Lewis Hamilton Abu Dhabi... 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 Rishi Sunak wants savings to be spent post lockdown - savers... 
 January 2, 2021 
 
 Savers urged to build emergency funds, use pension allowances & fill... 
 January 2, 2021 
 POPULAR CATEGORY 
 
 
 Entertainment1303 
 
 
 Lifestyle1302 
 
 
 Technology1262 
 
 
 Football881 
 
 
 English Premier League840 
 
 
 Gaming813 
 
 
 World757 
 
 
 Finance749 
 
 
 Computers & Softwares458 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 (C) Copyright 2017 worldabcnews 
 __ MORE STORIES 
 
 Salesforce buys Slack for $27.7B – TechCrunch 
 December 1, 2020 
 
 F5 snags Volterra multi-cloud management startup for $500M – TechCrunch 
 January 8, 2021 
 This site uses cookies:  Find out more. Accep All 
 Edit with Live CSS 
 Save 
 Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete. 
