Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Teacher 
 Kids U 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Do you believe that children shape the future? Do you understand that a child’s earliest experiences literally shape the foundation of their brains, like building a house? Are you passionate about children and understand that teachers make a difference every day? If so, we are currently hiring for the position of Cohort Assistant Teacher in Calgary, AB, and we would love to hear from you! 
 More about us: 
Kids U is a growing Accredited Early Childhood Learning Institute in Calgary and Strathmore, AB that continues to set the standard for excellence. Our core values of Knowledge, Innovate, Development, Service and Upliftment support our vision of quality child care, preschool and kindergarten programs that build strong brains for life, nurturing infinite potential of children. These values and our common purpose shape our campus and office culture, with a focus on supporting our most valuable assets: our team. 
 Through natural light filled spacious rooms and learning materials, we offer an innovative and welcoming environment that is captivating and stimulating for both adults and children. In our preschool programs, we invite you to “Encourage Curiosity and Support Independence” as you become a co-learner alongside our students. 
 Our teachers have strong interpersonal skills and find joy in working with children and adults. They are committed to learning and teaching in emergent, project-based ways while open collaboration fosters a student-centered, inquiry based learning environment that cultivates enthusiastic and globally-minded individuals. Our directors and support office team work alongside teachers as coaches to provide the best possible programming for children and a similarly nurturing environment for staff. 
 Position Summary: 
If you are looking for an opportunity to explore what an environment as a third teacher is all about in a Reggio Emilia inspired classroom, deepen your understanding of the potential of children and their ability to transform the world through Montessori, and letting your inner child out through a fresh, fun and interactive approach to health and physical education, then this position is for YOU! As a Cohort Assistant Teacher, you get the BEST of both worlds - be a teacher and caregiver to a group of children and explore alongside them our three environments lead by teachers who are experts in; Right Brain (Reggio-Emilia), Left Brain (Montessori) and Movement (Physical Education) curricula. 
 We are currently recruiting for these campus locations:  Centennial; McKnight and New Brighton. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities include the following but not limited to: 
 Spark imagination, build self-esteem and help children discover new things each day 
Encourage children through role modeling and guidance to respect themselves and others 
Plan open ended activities with an emphasis on process orientation and developmentally appropriate curriculum with age-appropriate and individualized activities 
Provide an educational, caring and safe environment for the children 
Assist children with self-help skills, including toileting and diapering 
Supervise the classroom, helping the children to think creatively, to solve problems independently and respect themselves and others. 
Ensure that classroom practices meet Alberta Child Care Licensing Standards 
Be responsible for reporting challenges, successes and competencies of each student to the Director or to parents 
Connect and support team members 
Effective communication skills and strong organizational skills are essential 
HAVE FUN! 
Communicate challenges, successes and competencies of each child to the Director or to parents 
Be willing to learn how to and complete checklists, daily curriculum updates, report cards and other documents via various forms of technology 
Be available for parent teacher interviews, staff meetings, lead teacher meetings etc. 
 Requirements: 
Ability to manage, supervise and interact with large groups of children 
Physical labor, including lifting + moving heavy objects as cleaning is a daily requirement (Such as folding tables and mesh cots) 
Willingness to learn or experience basic care of children (feeding, diapering, sleeping) 
Positive attitude, with a willingness to learn and self develop 
This role will require you to be a fast learner, flexible, adaptable, organized, efficient and detail oriented 
Ability to lift a min. of 40 lbs especially when working with infants and toddlers 
 Qualifications: 
Early Childhood Certification or related field 
Alberta Child Care Certification Level 2 (Assistant) or higher 
Current first aid certificate (may be obtained upon hire) 
Criminal record Check/vulnerable sector check, within past 6 months (may be obtained upon hire) 
 Required experience: 
At least 1 year experience working in a child care setting 
 What’s in it for you? 
 Kids U is passionate about development and knowledge, and as such, provides regular, in-house professional development courses focused around best practices in early childhood education and new, innovative ways of teaching. 
Staff social committee focused on opportunities to make connections with other like-minded individuals and passionate educators through regular social functions, including an annual staff BBQ and Christmas party 
Annual Lead Teacher retreat focused on developing skills and rewarding our deserving team members 
Educational grant opportunities to further your education while maintaining your career 
Tuition discounts on all child-care services for staff members, including full-time and part-time care, online education, summer camps and extracurricular activities! 
We offer a competitive salary and there are many opportunities for additional grants and subsidies. 
Benefits for all full time and part time staff members, which include vision, dental, and paramedical services. 
 Kids U is following all Alberta Health Protocols to ensure the health and safety of our children and employees. 
 If you are looking for an opportunity to make a difference in the lives of young children and their families, apply now! 
 KidsU is an equal opportunity workplace and we are committed to building and fostering an environment where our employees feel included, valued, and heard. We believe that a strong focus and commitment to diversity and inclusion enables us to truly make early childhood education an enabler for wide-reaching change. We strongly encourage applications from Indigenous peoples, racialized people, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities and/or people with intersectional identities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
