Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Associate I 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced professional to fill the key role of Research Associate I in our Department of Medical Oncology. 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 University Health Network (UHN) is a research hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto and a member of the Toronto Academic Health Science Network. The scope of research and complexity of cases at UHN have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. Research across UHN's five research institutes spans the full spectrum of diseases and disciplines, including cancer, cardiovascular sciences, transplantation, neural and sensory sciences, musculoskeletal health, rehabilitation sciences, and community and population health. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 Princess Margaret Cancer Centre (PMH), a teaching hospital of the University of Toronto, has achieved an international reputation as a global leader in the fight against cancer and is considered one of the top comprehensive cancer treatment and research centres in the world. Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, together with its research institute the Ontario Cancer Institute, is a member of the University Health Network, which also includes the Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital and Toronto Rehabilitation Institute. PMH is the only facility in Canada devoted exclusively to cancer research, treatment and education. 
 Working under the direction of the Program Director, the Research Associate 1 requires past experience in the coordination and administration of clinical studies including the coordination and management of translational and preclinical studies. The candidate should be skillful in identification of problems using assessment skills, mid-level data analysis, assessment of study-related literature; liaising with sponsors, vendors and external stakeholders, and builds on this experience to oversee and movement of clinical research projects forward from granting award to implementation within the Medical Oncology Gynecology Research Program. In addition, the candidate should be very detailed oriented and have experience interacting with internal and external clinical research stakeholders including but not limited pharmaceutical sponsors, investigators, CRO’s, central laboratory providers and PH. D level scientists. 
 The successful candidate will play a key role in the medical oncology gynecology research team. This position will utilize knowledge of translational and clinical research management to lead moderate to complex projects. The incumbent will be responsible for planning, developing and coordination of all aspects multiple projects including monitoring the deliverables; working with scientist to understand project goal; review and assess analysis outputs from scientific labs and deliver reports to Principal Investigator; identify and communicate potential issues and delays to scientists and managers in a timely manner and propose solutions to remedy the issues in an expedited fashion; Liaise with collaborative counterparts to ensure: a) that studies are conducted in accordance with corresponding contracts; and b) that deliverables are delivered on time and per allocated funds to each such study; participate and host monthly steering committee meetings, prepare meeting minutes, follow up on action items 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Masters of Science degree, 2 years’ experience minimum preferred 
Bachelor’s degree in health related field, 5 years’ experience in clinical research 
Experience in a translational research laboratory 
Experience in the development and writing grant proposals to public and private grant-making organizations, persuasively communication the organization’s mission and vision to potential funders 
Knowledge of government funding agencies and requirements desirable (CIHR, NIH) 
Ability to manager tight deadlines to create proposals and deliverable requiring few edits Excellent project management skills 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills 
Demonstrated ability to express complex technical concepts effectively 
Well-developed leadership, listening and conflict resolution skills 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Exceptional organizational skills and customer relations 
Excellent problem recognition and problem solving abilities 
Knowledge of applicable legislative, UHN and/or departmental policies and procedures 
Client service oriented, with the ability to effectively work with diversity and appreciate that people with different opinions, backgrounds and characteristics bring richness to the challenge or situation at hand 
 This position offers an exciting opportunity for an extremely organized, highly motivated and hard-working individual with strong interpersonal, communication and research skills who will enjoy the challenge of working within an interdisciplinary research team. Position level and salary will be commensurate with experience and consistent with UHN compensation policy. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
