__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 CAREER COACHING 
 Barbara Kay 
 
 Location:  Chicago Metro Area 
 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 As a business psychology and productivity coach Barbara Kay offers personalized coaching aligned to your goals. Similar to the way a Sports Psychologist works with a star athlete, our coaching will focus on building an individualized vision, strategy, and execution plan to deliver you personalized results. 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 The strategies and results are highly individualized, since the client is not following a pre-planned program. It’s like having a personal trainer for professional success. Some clients conclude coaching after reaching their initial goals. Others select new goals and keep going. Clients are encouraged to sample custom coaching with a 3-month new client coaching term. 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 When I ask clients about the benefits of coaching, similar themes emerge: Clarity, Focus, Energy, Confidence, Fresh Ideas, Valuable Insight, Personal Attention, Growth and Results. I'm honored by their positive feedback and privileged to work with outstanding professionals. Here's what clients say: 
 "Coaching keeps me focused, targeted and on track. Barbara has broad experience nationally, across many firms and professionals. She brings lots of good ideas." 
 _"My firm has a lot of resources, but none of them deliver the unique value that Barbara provides. She's a tremendous sounding board and helps me work through distractions, so I can focus and be productive." 
 Coaching with Barbara is the best investment I make in my practice every year! Barbara is a master at communication and relationships skills. She helps me build a happy productive team and loyal clients. 
 What are 5 strengths you have as a coach? 
 
 Psychology of Productivity: Individual & Team Achievement 
 Psychology of Communication: Clients, Teams, Leadership, Branding 
 Team-building: Growing & Leading a Team 
 Client Relationships: Behavioral Finance, Loyalty, Women Investors 
 Change: Thriving & Mastering Change 
 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 
 Serving clients as both coach and consultant. As a coach to help clients build a custom strategy and execution plan to achieve their goals. Also a consultant, a psychology and human achievement expert, providing tools and techniques to accelerate individual, team and client success. 
 
 What types of people do you typically coach? 
 Barbara Kay provides coaching, consulting, speaking and training to financial services professionals, teams and leaders nationwide across the financial services industry including: independent, RIA, wire- house, banks, and wholesale organizations. 
 What is your professional background? 
 Completed dual degrees in Clinical Psychology, with professional psychology license (IL), post-graduate training in coaching with the Coaches Training Institute and corporate coaching, as a Registered Corporate Coach (RCC). Current active member of the American Psychological Association (APA) and the FPA. 
 Ready To Get Started With Barbara? 
 Order online below!  |  |  |   Price USD 
 |  Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions 
 The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career 
 
 |  Members:  $224.00 
Non Members:  $280.00 
 __Add to Cart 
---|--- 
 For assistance please call 
 1-888-491-8833 
or e-mail  [email protected] 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
