Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SAP Solution Architect 
 AstraNorth 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description : 
 Work Location:   Remote during COVID19. But candidate will have to relocate to Ottawa after restrictions are over. 
 Job Description: 
SAP Solution Architect to design, implement and deploy SAP supplier relationship management and procurement solutions (technology solutions that manage the methods and processes of modern corporate or institutional buying). 
 Adapts existing methods and procedures to create possible alternative solutions to moderately complex problems. 
 Understands the strategic direction set by senior management as it relates to team goals. 
 Determines methods and procedures on new assignments with guidance. 
 Manages small teams and/or work efforts (if in an individual contributor role) at a client or within IPS Organization. 
 
 Responsible for team meetings and status reporting 
 Responsible for risk and issue resolution management 
 Responsible for providing information to determine future state business process, configurations, etc. 
 Coordinates activities across vendors and Project delivery team for functional and technical solution delivery. 
 Ability to lead business process design workshops/discussions 
 Ensure readiness for test (PT, SIT, and UAT) 
 Review and facilitate sign off on deployment readiness 
 Manage defect and Change Request escalations 
 Manage final Go/No-Go Decision for each phase delivery 
 Required years of experience, training, technical skills, and other requirements for job performance: 
 
 Basic Qualifications 
 
 Minimum 11 years of work experience in a custom development or software environment. 
 Proficient level of experience and knowledge of at least of one of the module of SAP Ariba Procure-to-Pay 
 Proficient level of experience with Procurement Content 
 Responsible for developing Move to Production schedule, coordinating resources and managing overall move to Production 
 Responsible for moving project into stabilization/run phase 
 Must have prior Ariba On Demand/ Saas implementation experience 
 Business Consultant professionals to analyze, design and/or develop best practice and business changes through technology solutions 
 Understanding of SAP Ariba and SAP ERP Financial modules and process 
 Participate in business development and proposal response. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Must have strong client facing skills 
 Strong understanding of end to end Procure to Pay processes. 
 Strong industry knowledge (Public Sector) 
 Must be able to discuss leading industry processes/practices with clients 
 Proven ability to work creatively and analytically in a problem-solving environment 
 Strong functional, technical and integration skills. 
 Prior consulting experience in process design, SAP Ariba advisory and implementation 
 
 Education: 
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. 
 Security Clearance: 
Security Clearance (Enhanced Reliability Status) from Government of Canada or the candidate should be a resident of Canada for 5 continuous years 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Pay: $70,000.00-$130,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
