
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 The 11 Best Black Friday Online Courses Deals 2020 
 November 27, 2020 by  Ashlee Anderson   Leave a Comment 
 __Tweet 12 
 __Pin 12 
  __Share 
  __Share 
 24 Shares 
 It's that time of year! From Black Friday through Cyber Monday you can snag some pretty incredible deals on big-name sites, like  Amazon . 
 But, while now might be a good time to purchase an Instant Pot or save on a TV, you can also  rack up the Black Friday savings for your career . 
 That's right. These sales aren't limited to stuff. You can actually leverage the power of Black Friday Online Savings to  learn new skills and boost your remote career . 
 Plus, the timing couldn't be more perfect. After all, we're still in the middle of a pandemic and more and more  companies are embracing remote work into 2021  and beyond. 
 So, instead of worrying about what's next for your career, take charge and  make strategic career moves today . Check out this list of online courses for remote job seekers. You'll learn an in-demand remote-friendly skill and supercharge (and pandemic-proof) your career for the new year. Plus, these savings are bananas! 🍌 
 Online Courses On Sale for Remote Job Seekers 
 1. 30 Days or Less to Freelance Writing Success 
 Want to get paid to write? You can, even if you have zero professional writing experience. Freelance writers are in demand and can work for large publications or smaller projects. It really just depends on you and your interests. The best way to launch a Freelance Writing Career is with the online course  30 Days Or Less To Freelance Writing Success  over at Horkey Handbook. It's on sale right now for 25% off! 
 Use  this link  and enter promo code  BFCM25%  at checkout to save 25%. This sale runs right now, Friday, November 27 through Monday, November 30. 
 2. 30 Days or Less to Virtual Assistant Success 
 When you're a master of to-do lists, it would be selfish to keep those skills all to yourself. That's why you should share them with the masses as a virtual assistant (VA). You can learn the ins and outs of becoming a VA in a mere matter of weeks too when you sign up for  30 Days Or Less to Virtual Assistant Success . 
 Use  this link  and enter  promo code BFCM25%  at checkout to receive 25% off your new career course. This sale runs until Cyber Monday, November 30. 
 3. Become a Virtual Project Manager 
 Are you a highly-organized people person? Then you would make a great virtual project manager. Use your natural talents to help others get their sh*t together and earn money while doing it. Sign up for the  Virtual Project Manager course  at Horkey Handbook to learn how to transform your skills into a money-making remote-friendly career. 
 Use  this link  and enter promo code  BFCM25%  at checkout to receive 25% off your course. This sale is ongoing through Monday, November 30. 
 4. Become a Virtual Real Estate Assistant 
 Real estate agents and realtors are busy, busy, busy. You can help them manage their clients, closings, and listings as a Virtual Real Estate Assistant. This pandemic-proof career path is perfect for remote workers. You too can learn this remote-friendly skill with the  Virtual Real Estate Assistant Course  at Horkey Handbook. 
 Use  this link  and enter promo code  BFCM25%  at checkout to receive 25% off your new course. 
 5. Diva Dog Bakery 
 Have you ever wanted to start your own home-based dog bakery business? You're in luck. Diva Dog Bakery is now open for enrollment and for a limited time offering $100 of its course price. 
 Use  this link  and coupon code:  BF$100  at checkout for instant savings. 🐶 
 6. Facebook Side Hustle 
 Do you love all things social media and consider yourself a bit of a Facebook fanatic? Well, now you can actually get paid to learn about the inner workings of Facebook from a business perspective. In no time, set up a remote career as a Facebook Ads expert and charge businesses, bloggers, and brands for your newfound expertise. And it all starts with the  Facebook Side Hustle course . 
 Use  this link  and promo code  THANKS  at checkout to receive 30% off right now. 
 7. Internet Scoping 
 Internet Scoping School is an online training program that teaches you how to build a successful scoping business. What is scoping? Scoping is the process of editing a court reporter's transcript. Scopists are well paid, are in high demand and, best of all, can work remotely! 
 Be sure to use  this link  and coupon code  BLACKFRIDAY2020  to receive nearly $200 in savings. 
 8. Transcribe Anywhere 
 Now through Cyber Monday you can save 40% at Transcribe Anywhere. Courses include General Transcription Theory & Practice, Legal Transcription Theory & Practice. There's also a bundle course where you can learn General Transcription and Legal Transcription.  Transcriptionists are in demand  and are able to work (almost) anywhere with an internet connection. 
 Use  this link  to automatically  save up to 40%  so you can start today to launch a new remote-friendly career in 2021 as a sought after typist. 
 9. General Proofreading 
 One of the most popular remote career paths is proofreader. But it's not something you can jump into without a little help. That's where General Proofreading: Theory & Practice comes into play. This online course teaches you how to break into proofreading and finally  get paid for spotting mistakes . 
 Use  this link  and  save 60% now  (yes, 60%!!!) so you can get paid to read all day. 
 10. Career Step 
 Career Step is one of the highest-rated online career-focused schools. They have two programs I highly recommend for remote career seekers:  Medical Transcription and Editing  and  Medical Billing & Coding . Both programs are in demand, remote-friendly and expected to grow in the years ahead. 
 Now is the perfect time to enroll using  this link  with up to  20% off plus bonuses  through Cyber Monday! 
 11. Bookkeeper Launch 
 Bookkeepers are able to help small businesses keep track of their finances without having to set foot into an office. And, today, more and more companies hire virtual bookkeepers to manage money coming in and going out. If you love numbers and want to use it to start a remote career, learn  how to become a remote bookkeeper  at  Bookkeeper Launch . 
 Right now you can  save a whopping $504  and learn how to start, scale, and succeed as a home-based bookkeeper. Savings go through December 1. No promo code needed -- all savings are automatically applied at checkout when you use  this link . 
 Pandemic-Proof Your Career into 2021 and Beyond 
 We know remote work is here to stay. Now is the perfect time to learn remote skills that lead to job security. These 11 best online courses for remote job seekers will help you learn remote-friendly skills so you can reach your career goals. 
 Have questions? Let me know! Not only can you  email me , but I'll personally answer you too. As a career coach, I'm on a mission to help you pick the perfect remote career path that's right for you. All you have to do is ask. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee Anderson, CPCC 
 P.S. This post contains affiliate links. Please check out  my disclosure statement  to learn more. 
 __Tweet 12 
 __Pin 12 
  __Share 
  __Share 
 24 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Courses ,  Professional Development 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
