  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Jobs in Christchurch | Working in New Zealand 
 Jobs in Christchurch 
 Are you looking for job opportunities in Christchurch?  Working In New Zealand can help you find a role that will take your career to the next level.  Browse our latest Christchurch job vacancies today to find a position that builds on your skills and qualifications. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Full-time Jobs in Christchurch 
 The city of Christchurch attracts job seekers from around the world.  If you are a foreigner looking for full-time work in New Zealand, one of the first things you must do is obtain the correct visa.  The Skilled Migrant System invites foreigners who have the skills, qualifications and experience that New Zealand needs to apply for a resident visa.  If your application is successful, you will be able to work and live in New Zealand permanently.  For more information about the resident visa process and requirements, visit the  New Zealand Immigration Website . 
 To establish your new career in New Zealand, you can find all the latest full-time Christchurch jobs for migrants using the Working In search tool. Some of the full-time Christchurch job vacancies in the healthcare industry include enrolled nursing jobs and registered nursing jobs, while job openings in the trades and services industry include full-time electrical work and construction work. 
 Construction work in particular is in high demand due to the rebuild of Christchurch after a series of earthquakes in 2011.  As of 2018, construction roles such as quantity surveyors and chemical engineers are on the official New Zealand long-term skill shortage list, with both domestic workers and foreign skilled workers encouraged to apply for and fill these positions. 
 Christchurch Job Search 
 Working In helps skilled overseas workers find the best available jobs in Christchurch. Our job search tool makes it easy for you to match your individual requirements and skills with the city's top employers. Browse our full-range of jobs in Christchurch according to city, region, industry category, specific occupation, or salary range to find the perfect role for you. 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
