Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Environmental Services Technician 
 WeedMD Inc. 
 __Strathroy, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 JOB SUMMARY. 
 The Environmental Services Technician, under the direction of the Facilities Department, is responsible for ensuring the safe and effective cleaning of WeedMD and its premises. He/she will be required to perform tasks such as vacuuming, dusting and disinfecting. The Environmental Services Technician will be responsible for ensuring that his/her required tasks are completed thoroughly, on time, and with minimal supervision. 
 JOB DUTIES. 
 Clean, ensuring proper disinfectant procedures are followed 
Clean areas, including entrance, lunchroom and locker room etc. 
Clean and disinfect bathrooms including toilets, sinks, mirrors and floors 
Replenish toilet tissue and soap as needed 
Remove trash and recycling 
Wash and buff floors with floor polisher 
Vacuum all carpets in the assigned area 
Work with and understand a number of cleaning chemicals, ensuring the right products are being used for the right jobs 
Dust all furniture and fixtures 
Clean, wash and disinfect drinking fountains 
Report damages and acts of vandalism 
Ensure cleaning materials and supplies are stored in a safe and orderly manner 
Maintain an adequate supply of cleaning materials and supplies 
Restock materials and supplies as needed 
Submit materials and supplies as needed 
Ensure compliance with WHMIS and any other required legislation regarding chemical products 
Complete daily, weekly and monthly checklist as required 
Complete required training, including any required health and safety training 
Prepare and set up rooms for meetings, parties or various other activities and clean up after the event 
Any other duties as assigned 
Education RequirementSecondary School Diploma Experience Requirement 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 High School Diploma or equivalent required 
One (1) year of previous custodial experience 
Highly motivated and able to work independently 
Must be able to schedule and prioritize work 
Ability to comprehend and communicate detailed instructions orally and in writing 
Ability to multi-task and establish priorities 
Strong communication and problem-solving skills 
Strong attention to detail 
Able to deal with people sensitively, tactfully, diplomatically, and professionally at all times 
First Aid skills and/or certificates are considered assets 
 WORK CONDITIONS 
 Physical ability to lift up to 50 lbs 
Ability to stand for long periods of time 
Ability to bend and crouch 
Morning, afternoon, evening and weekend availability 
Overtime as required 
Hazards associated with the trade, including exposure to common chemical cleaners 
How to Apply 
 To Apply – please forward resumes to Michele Sands, msands@communityemploymentchoices.ca 
 About Employer 
 COMPANY. 
 WeedMD Inc. is the publicly-traded parent company of WeedMD Rx Inc., a federally-licensed producer of cannabis products for both the medical and adult-use markets. The Company owns and operates a 158-acre state-of-the-art greenhouse and outdoor facility located in Strathroy ON. The Company also operates CX Industries, a wholly-owned subsidiary of WeedMD Inc. CX operates out of the company’s fully-licensed 26,000 sq. ft. Aylmer Ontario production facility which specializes in cannabis extraction and processing. WeedMD has a multi-channeled distribution strategy that includes selling directly to medical patients, strategic relationships across the seniors’ market and supply agreements with Shoppers Drug Mart as well as six provincial distribution agencies where WeedMD’s adult-use brand Color Cannabis is sold. 
 WeedMD thanks all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected to continue in the recruitment process will be contacted. 
 Pursuant to the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and the Ontario Human Rights Code, WeedMD will accommodate all applicants with disabilities to the point of undue hardship during the recruitment and hiring process. Accommodations will be provided upon request and in accordance with the principles of dignity, individualization, and inclusion. WeedMD will work cooperatively and in a spirit of respect, with all partners in the accommodation process. 
 WeedMD is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, colour, race, citizenship, ethnic origin, place of origin, creed, disability, family status, marital status (including single status), gender identify, gender expression, receipt of public assistance (in housing only), sex (including pregnancy and breastfeeding) or sexual orientation. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
