Skip to content 
  WorkingAssets  
 [   WorkingAssets ](https://workingassetscareerguide.com/) 
 A Career Forum for Peers 
 Menu 
 
 Book Excerpt 
 Testimonials 
 Career Resources 
 Podcast Interview 
 Search for: 
 
 Tag: using traits and strengths on a job 
 Using Traits and Strengths on a Job 
 Posted on  September 11, 2020August 30, 2020 Categories Careers Tags using traits and strengths on a job Leave a comment on Using Traits and Strengths on a Job 
 I've been told that I'm the exception. This doesn't make me feel better. And it's simply not true. 
 I interpret that shopworn comment as a barb that discounts the role of a person's personality-who they are and their traits and strengths-in enabling them to recover. 
 In the April 2015 issue of  Current Psychiatry  an article stated the people diagnosed with schizophrenia can hold jobs. 
 Who are you going to trust-a medical journal or some outsider on the street whose opinion is conjecture and not rooted in fact? 
 Recovery appears to each of us in different guises. Our recovery is as individual as our thumbprint. 
 Celebrating differentness is the first order of the day. 
 Those people who view peers in terms of our illness and symptoms are setting us up to believe that recovery is a dim star. 
 Aside from other people not being able to see beyond color or gender to the person inside: 
 Peers living with mental health issues are often not seen as our true selves apart from our diagnosis. 
 The premise of my memoir  Left of the Dial  was that I healed when I was able to use the creative process on my job and outside of my job. 
 The point wasn't and isn't that everyone living in recovery should be able to have an M.S. or L.C.S.W. or J.D. 
 The exclamation point [!] was that I recovered because I found the job I loved that enabled me to use my traits and strengths. 
 I recovered when I stopped buying into the myth that I had to do what everyone else did-have a corporate office job and a normal life [average or ordinary; conforming to a standard or type]. 
 In daring to go down a path that differed from the norm I was able to recover. This was my road. Your road again will be different. 
 !!! 
 In the next blog entry I will talk about a written exercise I created to heal from self-stigma when a bout of doubt had come on. 
 The point is you should take pride in who you are. You should figure out the kind of job that will best use your traits and strengths. 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Home 
 2018 Accenture Study 
 My Updated Website 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 
 Search for: 
 Themes 
 
 Art and Soul 
 Book Reviews 
 Bruni in the City 
 Career Corner column 
 Careers 
 Confidence 
 Dress Code 
 Film Reviews 
 Finances 
 Fitness 
 Goal-Setting 
 Interview Questions 
 Interviews 
 Job Benefits 
 Job Search Websites 
 Left of the Dial 
 Peer Stories 
 Persistence 
 Psychiatrist Questions 
 Publishing 
 Sane Artists Collective 
 Uncategorized 
 woodshedding 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 90 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog Stats 
 
 1,031 hits 
 
 A WordPress.com Website . 
