  
 
 Independent high quality evidence on what organisations - Governments, Charities, Businesses - can do to improve wellbeing 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Our Team 
 
 Our Board 
 Advisory Panel 
 Strategic Council for Wellbeing in Work 
 Work for us 
 
 
 How we started 
 
 What's been happening? 2015 review 
 
 
 Our partners 
 
 Our Supporters 
 
 
 What Works 
 
 Evidence review methods guide 
 What Works for Research Use 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 What is wellbeing 
 
 Latest UK Wellbeing Figures 
 
 August 2015 wellbeing data roundup 
 March 2015 wellbeing research and stats round-up 
 
 
 Parliament & Commission on Wellbeing & Policy 
 UK People on wellbeing 
 
 Public Dialogues summary findings 
 Work, Learning & wellbeing for UK people 
 Community wellbeing for UK people 
 Culture, Sport & wellbeing for UK people 
 Public Dialogue toolkit 
 
 
 Wellbeing Data & Resources 
 
 Practical and Researcher resources 
 
 Personal wellbeing for major and sub-major Standard Occupation Codes 
 jobs and wellbeing data 
 ONS Three year dataset 2011/2014: Smoking and Personal Well-being in Bristol 
 
 
 Worker wellbeing and workplace performance 
 
 
 
 
 Our Evidence 
 
 Calls for Evidence 
 Life course & Methods 
 
 Wellbeing Seminar Series 
 Wellbeing Conference 2016 Dec 
 Cross-cutting resources 
 Videos 
 
 
 Work & Learning 
 
 Work and wellbeing: what works? 
 Work, Learning and Wellbeing: about 
 Work & Learning resources 
 
 
 Community Wellbeing 
 
 Wellbeing inequality: what works? 
 Housing and wellbeing: what works? 
 Community Wellbeing: About 
 Community wellbeing resources 
 
 
 Culture & Sport 
 
 Sport, dance and wellbeing: what works? 
 Music, singing and wellbeing: what works? 
 Culture, Sport and Wellbeing: About 
 Culture & Sport resources 
 
 
 Other areas we’re interested in 
 
 
 Case Studies 
 
 Wellbeing in Policy across the UK 
 
 Wellbeing in UK legislation 
 Queen's speech 
 SCOTLAND National Performance Framework 
 WALES The Wellbeing of Future Generations in Wales 
 NORTHERN IRELAND Carnegie Roundtable on Measuring Wellbeing 
 DONCASTER Making the Case for Wellbeing – 26th March 2015 
 
 
 Around the world 
 Guest Blog 
 
 Unleash your inner social entrepreneur 
 
 
 Cross Cutting Wellbeing 
 
 Bio-feedback video game for young people’s mental health 
 Improving the wellbeing of children and young people: Evidence from The Children’s Society and NEF 
 NPC’S wellbeing measure 
 Fit as a Fiddle! Wellbeing for older people 
 
 
 Work and Learning 
 
 Wellbeing policy at BT 
 Career Connect: Supporting resilience through transitions into employment, education, and training. 
 Think Good, Feel Good – Whole School approach 
 How leaders value quality of life in their organisations. 
 Skillsroute: Using wellbeing data to help young people make more balanced decisions. 
 
 
 Communities 
 
 Happy City Index 
 Community Wellbeing Practices in Halton 
 Doncaster Council – early intervention and prevention in communities services 
 Wellbeing in Lambeth and Southwark 
 Well London: communities working together for a healthier city 
 Wellbeing in the East 
 Come Outside! Welsh Natural Resources improve wellbeing 
 Darnall Wellbeing: “There are other ways to stay healthy” 
 Can ICT help community cohesion? 
 How can we create community wellbeing in deprived urban areas? ICT Research 
 
 
 Culture and Sport 
 
 case study: Scottish Active Students Survey 2016 
 case study: Student Sport and Activity Study Ireland 
 case study: StreetGames and Doorstep Sports Clubs 
 Dance to Health 
 National Citizen Service 
 Join In – Wellbeing and sports volunteers 
 If: Volunteering for wellbeing in the heritage sector 
 
 
 Big Lottery Wellbeing portfolios 
 
 Brighton and Hove food partnership 
 Altogether Better -Creating new models of community centred care 
 Enable East -Systems change through organisational development 
 Stockport MBC -Early intervention in pregnancy 
 Target: Wellbeing – Greener on the Outside of Prison 
 Mid Essex Mind : A culture of trust can make all the difference 
 Mind – Peer education: training for professionals 
 Mind Children and Young People’s project- Peer led approaches: young people 
 Living Well Taking Control- Integrating the Wellbeing themes 
 Sustrans’ beneficiary case study: Angela’s story -the impact of volunteering and physical activity on mental wellbeing 
 Sustrans case study-Incorporating physical activity into participants’ lifestyles 
 Sustrans- Systems change through developing volunteering skills 
 Sustrans- Influencing national and local policy makers 
 Portsmouth City Council case study-Community approaches to support mental wellbeing 
 Foyer Federation – Community cohesion promoted through physical activity 
 Stockport MBC – Promoting behaviour change through healthy eating 
 Activate London- Community Activators 
 The Power of Songs: An Evaluation of Plymouth Music Zone’s ‘Keep Singing, Keepsake’ Project. 
 
 
 
 
 Measuring wellbeing 
 
 Evaluating wellbeing impact 
 Definitions and measures 
 Local area wellbeing tools 
 Tools to measure and value City and Community Wellbeing 
 
 
 What can I do? 
 
 Do this – Policy Recommendations 
 Online Forum & Events 
 Wellbeing in Policy and Practice Course 
 
 Happiness & Government Course 
 
 
 Mental Wellbeing Impact Assessment Tool 
 
 
 This website is now archived 
 
 Career Connect: Supporting resilience through transitions into employment, education, and training. 
 Career Connect  is a charity which works with adults and  young people  to plan and manage their careers. Our work is about improving wellbeing and other positive behaviours which can move an individual successfully through key transitions of employment, education and training. 
 Our focus on  wellbeing  is developed from our understanding that information and guidance alone will not achieve successful destinations in employment, education and training. We are working to develop support programs that equip individuals with the resilience and associated positive wellbeing to navigate their way through the stresses and challenges of working life, the learning environment and key transitions. 
 We have integrated the concept of mental toughness into our programs of support. Mental toughness is a valuable concept in determining wellbeing and can be defined as the ability  to work hard and respond resiliently to failure and adversity;   the inner quality that enables individuals to work hard and stick to their long-term goals. 
 Research demonstrates that mental toughness has a significant role in the wellbeing of individuals and a sustaining a positive ‘can do’ attitude. By developing mental toughness we develop a mindset which supports positive wellbeing which has a combined positive influence on job retention, learning and transition into sustained employment, education and training. 
 We work with adults and young people. In particular, this intervention is used with those individuals who are not in education employment or training (NEET) and furthest away from the labour market and with individuals at risk of becoming NEET/unemployed. 
 Mental toughness can be measured in an individual and we do this using a psychometric tool which measures self-control, commitment, confidence and ability to withstand challenge. This generates a profile of the individual which can then be used in coaching and development sessions on a 1:1 basis or in group sessions. 
 This tool  can give an assessment of an individual’s readiness for learning and employment. It is not a tool used solely to get people into work or learning, it is a tool which drives actions/interventions that improve an individual’s resilience and self-efficacy. It helps individuals to adopt a positive mindset and optimizes the learning experience. 
 It helps  learners  on the program look at how being mentally tough can increase their performance, their wellbeing and their ability to make successful transitions. 
 Our findings  are that participants tend to assess and accept risk with a more positive mindset and are more aspirational and set higher goals. For example, individuals with higher levels of mental toughness are more likely to recognise a recruitment process as a competitive one; they will enter an interview with the mind-set that they will show what they are capable of offering. Those with lower levels of mental toughness will see an interview as a trial and therefore will not be as competitive and show less of their capabilities. 
 Mental toughness can be assessed before and after our intervention to measure the impact of our work on levels of mental toughness and wellbeing and the distance travelled of the individual. 
 
 70% of participants improved their positive behaviours (i.e. to learning and employment) 
 64% were able to acquire Entry Level/Basic Skills qualifications 
 51% increased their mental toughness/resilience 
 
 We are working towards integrating this approach with a career management toolkit,  Carrus . We will also be focusing on applying this approach to individuals with behavioral, mental health Tier 1 or 2 and wellbeing issues. 
 We are most proud of the genuine difference it has  made to some of  Liverpool city region’s  most vulnerable young people and adults, including young offenders, those with learning difficulties and those in or leaving care. 
 http://www.careerconnect.org.uk/ 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 More 
 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
    [         ** Join our forum 
 New Publications 
 
 Understanding local needs for wellbeing data 
 Sport, dance and young people 
 Job quality & learning at work 
  Wellbeing Inequalities in Britain  
 Music & singing  
 
 Search this site 
 Search 
 I want to get updates - following this blog is our newsletter 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 5,811 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 My Tweets 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 What is wellbeing 
 Happy City Index 
 Evaluating wellbeing impact 
 
 Blog Posts 
 
 August 2017  (2) 
 July 2017  (4) 
 June 2017  (3) 
 May 2017  (5) 
 April 2017  (4) 
 March 2017  (6) 
 February 2017  (3) 
 January 2017  (4) 
 December 2016  (3) 
 November 2016  (6) 
 October 2016  (5) 
 September 2016  (4) 
 August 2016  (5) 
 July 2016  (4) 
 June 2016  (5) 
 May 2016  (8) 
 April 2016  (6) 
 March 2016  (6) 
 February 2016  (6) 
 January 2016  (4) 
 December 2015  (3) 
 November 2015  (3) 
 October 2015  (5) 
 September 2015  (3) 
 August 2015  (5) 
 July 2015  (6) 
 June 2015  (4) 
 May 2015  (1) 
 April 2015  (4) 
 March 2015  (6) 
 February 2015  (5) 
 January 2015  (6) 
 December 2014  (4) 
 November 2014  (5) 
 October 2014  (3) 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com.  Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses!  Email check failed, please try again  Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.  %d bloggers like this: 
