Top 
   
 Submit a request   Sign in 
 
 Workable Support 
 Job & Workflow Setup 
 Job Dashboard 
 
 Deleting jobs 
 Nick DeSimone 
 
 January 13, 2021 15:54 
 Updated 
 
 Follow 
 Super Admins 
 All plans 
 Deleting a job will remove the job and any candidates that have applied to that job from your account completely. This includes the candidate’s personal information, and the hiring team’s comments about the candidate. Before you start the process, make sure this is what you want to do. If in doubt, we suggest archiving the position, which provides more flexibility for the future. 
 There are different reasons for deleting a job. For example, because you know that you will never be hiring for a similar role or because you need to comply with data protection laws like  the GDPR . 
 Note:  If you delete a job that has  GDPR features (or candidates' right to erasure) enabled , then the deleted data, which includes all candidate information will be irrecoverable. 
 
 Removing a job 
 If a job is active (not archived), open the Job Editor by clicking on the three dots to the right of the job on the main dashboard. Locate the Archive button at the bottom of the job description editor and click the dropdown arrow. You'll find an option to delete the job. 
 If a job has been archived, locate it in the list of archived jobs at the bottom of the main dashboard. 
 Hover over it and click the option to delete it. 
 
 Restoring a job 
 It is not possible to restore a job that has been deleted. In any case, though, we suggest to  contact our Support team  and discuss your restoring request. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Was this helpful? 
 10 out of 11 found this helpful 
 Have more questions?  Submit a request 
 Related articles 
 
 How do I unpublish a job? 
 What is an active job? 
 How do I put an open requisition on hold if pausing hiring for a job? 
 GDPR compliance settings  
 Managing External Recruiters 
 
 Not using Workable yet?  Try for free , or  Talk to us .  Privacy Policy    Site Status 
