Skip to content 
 Reformation500 
 Job search 
 Posted by John Bugay   March 25, 2013   2 Comments on Job search 
 In case you’re wondering why I’ve gone silent, it’s because last week I was laid off from my job. A large portion of [my former] company’s business is with the federal government and government contractors, and revenue was off significantly this quarter (Jan-Mar). There is no projected end to “the sequester”, and so they are adjusting their workforce accordingly. 
 I’ve shifted my efforts to a job search. It doesn’t feel like it, but it’s been a productive couple of weeks. 
 The most promising thing for me is that I had an opportunity over the last couple of years to work with a “marketing automation” (SaaS) program called  Eloqua . Marketing automation is a real growth area in an otherwise lethargic economy. Eloqua is the largest of a dozen or more similar products and companies. Not long after Facebook had its not-so-successful IPO, Eloqua was having  a very successful IPO  – and within a year, they were  acquired by Oracle , to boot. 
 So I’ve started a new blog – what else? –  http://learningeloqua.wordpress.com/ . I’ve been chatting with my former Eloqua Success manager, who sent me links to a couple of open positions at Eloqua/Oracle. There’s an Eloqua-like company here in Pittsburgh as well, and I think I’m going to talk with someone from there later this week. I’ve got an internal recommendation for an Eloqua position at a very large company that’s not located here in Pittsburgh. I’d rather not relocate, if I don’t have to. I’ve got six kids, and that would mean three of them would be here, and three would be somewhere else. Plus my mom is in her mid 70’s and a widow. She is in good health, and I would perceive any move to be temporary (if I could swing it), but the longer you are somewhere, the longer you’re likely to stay there. I would hate to leave her at this time. 
 There are a couple of other possibilities. I’ve got the presidents of two local ad agencies “looking” for me, and one wants to get together later this week. I also have an opportunity with a small start-up, which seems remote, but it’s also a possibility. Plus, I’ve put in a couple dozen applications for open positions, I’ve directly contacted about 50 local software companies. 
 My wife is upset because of  the health care situation . As a friend said to me over the weekend, “I know how it is to have a, shall we say, assured wife.” 
 These last three years have been very difficult. I was also unemployed in 2009 (that was thanks to the “financial crisis”. I took a reduced rate of pay in 2010 in order to have a job where I could move up, but then my wife got sick, I started taking time off, etc. The company had excellent insurance, but that’s going away at the end of April. 
 Please pray, and if you are so inclined to look, my current résumé is located at  http://johnbugay.wordpress.com/ . 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted by John Bugay March 25, 2013 Posted in Uncategorized Tags:  job search 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Previous post: 
What argument would be left for remaining Catholic? 
 Next Post Next post: 
Before “Infallibility” Was a Twinkling in a Pope’s Eye 
 2 replies on "Job search" 
 
 pastor tony phelps  says: 
 
 March 26, 2013 at 5:57 am 
 Praying for you all, John. 
 Like Like 
 
 John Bugay  says: 
 
 March 26, 2013 at 6:22 am 
 Thanks Tony :-) 
 Like Like 
 Comments are closed. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Comments 
 
 On Abandoning Moral Principles for Political Power - Reformation500  on  The Power and Privilege in Evangelical Identity Politics  
 The Condemnation of Roy Moore and the Chorus of Condemnation - Reformation500  on  The Power and Privilege in Evangelical Identity Politics  
 praymillennials  on  The Power and Privilege in Evangelical Identity Politics  
 Arthur Sido  on  The Power and Privilege in Evangelical Identity Politics  
 Brandon Klassen on  Why Evangelicals are Drawn to the Alt-Right 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bradstreet on Human Dignity and Multiculturaliam  May 14, 2018 
 The Power and Privilege in Evangelical Identity Politics   November 1, 2017 
 Why Evangelicals are Drawn to the Alt-Right  August 18, 2017 
 The Fallacy of the Hidden Major Premise  August 15, 2017 
 Why Evangelical SJWs Draft Everyone to War  July 22, 2017 
 
 Christ and Culture 
 
 D Bnonn Tennant's "Developing the Mind of Christ" 
 TeamPyro 
 Triablogue 
 
 Conservative Anglican 
 
 Anglican Continuum 
 Dr. William Witt 
 Old Jamestown Church 
 
 Conservative Lutheran 
 
 “theology like a child” 
 Just And Sinner 
 
 Friends and Misc. 
 
 An Act of Mind (Paul Bassett) 
 But these are written 
 Don't miss this 
 Jason Engwer’s Early Church links 
 Jeff Steinberg 
 Pilgrimsarbour 
 The Christian Scientific Society 
 
 New Testament 
 
 Daniel B. Wallace 
 Darrell Bock 
 Larry Hurtado 
 Michael Kruger 
 
 Other Blogs We Like 
 
 https://reformation500.wordpress.com/2012/12/18/is-your-baby-a-born-sinner-does-your-baby-need-jesus/ 
 
 Reformed 
 
 AOMin.org 
 Beggars All Reformation 
 D Bnonn Tennant's "Developing the Mind of Christ" 
 Heidelblog: R. Scott Clark 
 James Anderson 
 Michael Kruger 
 Puritanboard 
 Triablogue 
 TurretinFan 
 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 864 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Email subscription 
 Reformation500 ,  Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
