Skip to primary content 
 It Is What It Is 
 Dr. Rex …. Blogging for change. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 One Pride Worldwide 
 Piano 
 It Is What It Is, Dr Rex 
 Voice of Lesbian Senior 
 Doctor's Voice/Medical Corner 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Donald Trump makes America great…by shipping his own jobs to China 
 Posted on  September 3, 2016  by   Dr. Rex 
 
 He can't stand up! The weight of his ego is too heavy! Beyond being "two-faced"! He's evil …. 
 
 WAR AGAINST ALL PUERTO RICANS 
 
 Donald Trump promises to make America great again. 
 According to Donald, “the problem with America is that we don’t make anything anymore.” He warns that: “ the Chinese are laughing at us ” behind our backs. They want our people to starve…they’ve taken our jobs away.” 
 If this is true, then Trump should be tried for treason…because right now, at this very minute, Donald is sending his  own  jobs to China. 
 According to ABC Ne ws , here are just  some  of the Trump products that are currently made in China: 
 Shirts…Belts…Sweaters…Ties…Tie Clips…Cufflinks…Golf Hats…Teddy Bears. 
 This list didn’t require any great detective work from ABC News…because Macy’s has been  selling the entire Trump Signature Collection  – straight outta China – since 2004. 
 TRUMP’S OWN STORE IN NYC 
 At 725 Fifth Avenue, in the atrium of the Trump Tower, the Trump Store sells a wide variety of China-made Trump clothes. 
 This… 
 View original post  157 more words 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Equality  by  Dr. Rex . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 About Dr. Rex 
 I'm originally from Puerto Rico. I was born in Santurce and raised in Rio Piedras. Have lived in Florida since 1999. I have a doctorate degree in Medicine; completed in 1976. My Internal Medicine specialty was completed in 1979. Worked for Puerto Rico's health system until 1985. At this time, I'm happily retired after working for the federal government for almost 28yrs. I want to offer any knowledge that I have to anyone "out there" who is interested. My views are liberal in almost every sense. My knowledge is "eclectic" - a bit of everything. Music and reading are my passion. Blogging has also become a very interesting endeavor. Metaphysical topics attract me. I'm interested in news reporting human issues like injustice, discrimination and abuse - the "wrongly" affected. My intention is to bring this knowledge to an understandable level and to help anyone in need. I'm open to questions and will answer them to the best of my ability. Currently working on an enterprise whose main mission will be to bring peoples of all walks of life together. To be one .... since we ALL are ONE!! The future looks bright and promising!!! 
  View all posts by Dr. Rex ->  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
