Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Site Screener, Site Operations - BC Cancer Vancouver 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Site Screener, Site Operations 
 BC Cancer Vancouver, $20.95 per hour 
 What you’ll do 
 Verify the identity of individuals presenting at site entrances through respectful direct communication and identifies if their access to the site is essential: 
Employees, Medical Staff, and Care Providers - verifying documentation such as checking employee identification and confirming working relationship to the site. 
Patients, Outpatients, and Essential Visitors - identifying information such as relevant documentation, appointment details, and patient visitor access forms. 
Deliveries, Contractors, Lab Services - identifying details of visit such as requisitions, relevant documents, and confirming purpose of visit with site unit. 
Screen each individual accessing the site by following established and documented processes such as administering symptom screening questionnaires and scripts, and following established infection prevention and control guidelines. 
Explain established infection prevention protocols, personal protective equipment (PPE) usage and criteria, and proper hand hygiene techniques to staff and visitors. 
In accordance with established procedures, direct essential patients and employees to assessment/testing centers, notifying other appropriate site personnel as required, and provide further directions to patients and essential visitors regarding the location of various departments and services. 
Using effective communication skills, explain site access restrictions to individuals, and follow relevant safety/security procedures, violence prevention/de-escalation orientation and cultural safety training guidelines; engage security personnel according to site procedures as necessary. 
 What you bring 
 Grade 12 and one year's recent related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Temporary, Part-Time (0.70 FTE, Until December 2021) 
 Wage:  $20.95 per hour 
600 West 10th Avenue, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 
 Monday to Friday:  0630 to 1130 / 0700 to 1200 / 0730 to1230 
 Requisition Number:  101544 
 What we do 
 BC Cancer bccancer.bc.ca provides comprehensive cancer control for the people of British Columbia. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting will no longer be accessible after the expiry date of December 11, 2020. If the internal job posting has expired, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
