Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 Magnotta Winery 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Magnotta Experience is Like No Other....... 
 Imagine a work environment surrounded by world-class wines, hand-crafted beers and spirits, a 25-year trailblazing history and great people. You will enjoy a relaxed, open-door environment where ideas can be easily shared within a workplace that inspires enthusiasm, excellence and leadership. And as Ontario's third largest winery with store expansion currently underway, Magnotta offers rewarding opportunities for career development, advancement and continuous learning. 
 If you would like to join a team of long-tenured employees who are proud to be part of a unique Canadian success story and committed to corporate social responsibility, we have the following opportunity at our Barrie store.  Magnotta Winery Corporation remains open as an essential service to serve our communities. 
 RETAIL SALES ASSOCIATE, PART-TIME 
 As Retail Sales Associate you play a vital role in providing an exceptional customer experience. Engaging the customer from the moment they enter the store to their lasting impression. You will assist in product selection and provide knowledgeable information on food pairings. Through daily operations you will assist the Store Manager with the opening and closing of the store; sales reconciliation, the execution of all marketing, and store operational programs. You possess at least 2 years experience within a similar role and consistently demonstrate a passion towards positive customer experiences. 
 
 You have the ability to lift up to 25 kg. 
 Available to work evenings and weekends. 
 Must wear steel toe shoes. 
 
 If you want to further your knowledge of wine, beer and spirits and enjoy customer service, then we want to hear from you. 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Schedule: 
 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Barrie, ON (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Smart Serve, SIR or equivalent (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
