MiracleWorkers - the #1 site for Healthcare jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-MA-Pittsfield 
 Posted:  12/20/2020 
 Closing:  1/19/2021 
 Degree:  Graduate Degree 
 Employment Type:  Full-Time 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 Department Chair for the Practical Nursing Program 
 Mildred Elley 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinsurgery.com/jobs/Department-Chair-for-the-Practical-Nursing-Program/J3M0PZ5XWQHTTYQW6W8 
 Job description 
 Mildred Elley, a private multi campus institution, is seeking  a Department Chair for the Practical Nursing Program  at its Pittsfield, MA Campus. The faculty and staff of Mildred Elley have a demonstrated commitment to continuous improvement, focusing on academic improvements, student service improvements, and accreditation and compliance improvements 
 Job Description: 
 The successful candidate serves as Program Director for Practical Nursing program. Individual will oversee full time and part time faculty and staff to effectively prepare students for passage of the NCLEX, foster further development of clinical affiliation agreements within the area's healthcare facilities, ensure adequate instructor coverage for all didactic and clinical portions of the curriculum, facilitate professional placement, and manage student retention. 
 Job requirements 
 Required credentials: 
 
 
 Hold a current Massachusetts Registered Nurse license in good standing; 
 
 
 Possess an earned master’s degree in nursing or an earned entry level doctorate in nursing; 
 
 
 Possess a minimum of five years full-time nursing experience, or its equivalent, within the last eight years, with at least three years experience in nursing education; and 
 
 
 Maintain expertise appropriate to administrative responsibilities. 
 
 
 Preferred Skills: 
 
 
 Effectively balance administrative responsibilities, student needs and faculty management and development on an ongoing basis. 
 
 
 Strong digital productivity skills and familiarity with instructional technology. 
 
 
 Compensation: 
 Please include your salary expectations. 
 How to Apply: 
 If you are interested in becoming part of a growing campus committed to achieving student success through continuous improvement please email a cover letter, a current resume, and copies of transcripts (if available) to  [Click Here to Email Your Resumé]  and note “Department Chair, PN Program” in the subject line, followed by the candidate's first and last name. Only applications submitted via email will be accepted (no phone calls or walk-ins please). 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinsurgery.com/jobs/Department-Chair-for-the-Practical-Nursing-Program/J3M0PZ5XWQHTTYQW6W8 
