Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinician Scientist Fellowships 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - A104443123 
Closing Date - Nov 30, 2020 
 The Neuroscience and Mental Health Institute (NMHI) at the University of Alberta is offering two fellowships to attract outstanding clinician scientists in training to the University of Alberta to conduct postdoctoral research in neurology and neuroscience: 
The Mildred I. Olsen Neurology Fellowship and The University Hospital Foundation Neurology Fellowship. 
 The NMHI is a multi-faculty, interdisciplinary teaching and research institute located at the University of Alberta. It is home to over 150 scientists and clinicians, spanning across all areas of neuroscience and mental health. 
 Eligibility 
 To apply for this competition: 
Your supervisor must be a member of the NMHI (applicants must identify and contact a potential NMHI supervisor before applying); 
You must hold an MD and plan to work in an area that falls within the NMHI research areas; 
You must provide a complete application form along with all required accompanying documents. 
 Award Details 
The Mildred I. Olsen Neurology Fellowship and the University Hospital Foundation Neurology Fellowship will be awarded for a term of one year. The value of each fellowship is $70,000 to be used towards salary costs; supervisors are responsible for 
benefits. 
 Supervisors are required to provide funding to support trainees beyond the first year. Trainees may hold this award once per eligible training program. Funding is non-transferable. It is the responsibility of the supervisor and/or awardee to inform the NMHI 
if they receive another award. Awardees are required to accept alternate funding. The awards are tenable at the University of Alberta. 
 Application 
Please visit the NMHI website at https://www.ualberta.ca/neuroscience-and-mental-health-institute/membership/funding-opportunities/neurology-fellowships.html for details on how to apply. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
