Skip to primary content 
 Being Brave! a first time headteachers blog. 
 Always Learning! I'll probably talk about children's books at some point as well. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About (Oooh you don't really want to know about me.) 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Jack of all trades…Master of none. (Doing the jobs I don't have the skills to do) 
 Posted on  February 25, 2017  by   smithsmm 
 My job has dramatically changed in the last two years. As cuts have bitten into other services I find myself stepping into roles that frankly I do not have the skills to do. Don't get me wrong I make a grand cup of tea and I'm really good at listening, I also have biscuits. On occasion I have been known to give a mean hug, but let's get it straight… 
 I am not a Social Worker! 
 I am not an Attendance Officer! 
 I am not a Parental Support Advisor! 
 I am not a Prevention Officer 
 I am not a counselor! 
 I am not a Police Officer! 
 In the last two and a half years many of these services have been stripped away. The impact on my most vulnerable families has been dramatic. 
 Let's get one thing clear I am not in any way blaming any of the people doing those jobs. I see they are run ragged on a daily basis, they have case loads and workloads they cannot possibly keep up with. We are sadly the ones however who see the impact. It impacts on how our children enter school. It impacts on our pupils ability to learn. 
 Rightly or wrongly we have stepped into the void. To be fair my deputy and I try to keep this from impacting on the staff so they can do their job. I worry hugely that this stops us getting on with the job of running a school. We never seem to have enough time. Then again I don't think anybody does. As a school we are vigilant, we do something called '60 second monitoring' which helps us keep an overview of the challenges. We adapt provision to support those young people so they can learn.Our priority is to ensure our young people are safe. As the external support has dropped we see more and more children at risk. 
 The problem is for many of our families they don't know where else to go for advice and support. Some are crying out for help. They just often need someone to talk to and a bit of time. However increasingly they need someone to help them. 
 I have visited doctors with families to help them get the support they need, I have been to court to help parents fight for their child's entitlement to disability living allowance. I have collected children to make sure they get into school and then taken them home at the end of the day. I have helped them access food banks. We do this because it ultimately helps our young people get on with their job of learning. 
 Getting CAMHS support feels nigh on impossible. There are massive waiting lists after referral and in many cases they are just rejected once they finally get seen. We have employed a counsellor in school (We found the money) but this really just scratches at the surface of the need. 
 I know some people will say that it is not your job. I know some people will say there should be 'no excuses'. Thing is by us doing the things we do, we support our most vulnerable children in accessing their education and I still firmly believe education is the key. If we didn't do the the things we are doing, some of our children would be lost to education. 
 Anyway whether I wanted to or not, I couldn't do it any other way. It's what the job is. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  by  smithsmm . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 2 thoughts on "Jack of all trades…Master of none. (Doing the jobs I don't have the skills to do)" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Take another little piece of my heart - the primary head's blog 
 
 
 Pingback:  The Fight to be an Inclusive School… TES article archive #2 | Being Brave! a first time headteachers blog. 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
