
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Gerald Technologies, Inc (W21) 
 Transforming Consumer Bill Pay. 
 Product Manager 
 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Gerald Technologies, Inc 
 Consumer bill pay sucks! The average consumer makes over 20 recurring payments a year, and has to log in to each biller to manage payments. Gerald is transforming bill pay by providing a solution where you can consolidate all your accounts and pay all your bills on one single app. We are currently focused on insurance and financial bills. 
 Gerald is pioneering a new realm that combines payments, data, fintech and insurtech to create solutions that empower and reward consumers for doing simple things such as: making timely payments. 
 About the role 
 About This Role  We are looking for a Product Manager to drive vision and execution for our product. The ideal candidate thrives on balancing product strategy and execution, and is comfortable diving deep into the details of product features and identifying product direction. The Product Manager is ultimately responsible for the success of their product, from concept through to market. 
 How You Will Contribute 
 
 Develop product vision for our product and lead the team on execution against the roadmap 
 Drive consensus around the vision and roadmap from stakeholders and team members and combine ambiguous inputs into solid action plans 
 Provide guidance throughout the lifecycle of the product, ranging from minimum viable products to fully mature products and determine the most profitable course for each existing and new product 
 Go beyond just launching new products, and focus on product improvement 
 Work to ensure product success by collaborating seamlessly with engineering, design, marketing, and sales 
 Conduct competitor analysis & market research 
 Define and analyze metrics to guide product development 
 
 What Will Make You Excel in This Role 
 
 5+ years of Product Management experience (preferably with SaaS and/or Insurtech/Fintech products) 
 Previous startup founding experience or early-stage startup experience 
 Technical background or ability to work with technical concepts 
 A balance of product intuition with data-driven decision making 
 Move seamlessly between thinking strategically and getting into the details 
 Excellent time management and project prioritization skills 
 Deep influence to align stakeholders to the strategy 
 Entrepreneurial mindset and Customer obsession 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Drive to execute at a quick pace to unlock maximum impact 
 Head for problem-solving and creative thinking 
 Having a flexible working style 
 Being a team player 
 Comfortable with working unsupervised 
 
 Technology 
 With every single customer that we onboard, it means we are dealing with millions of data records. The challenge is to scale up the product to handle so much data and process it efficiently, while taking all measures to ensure the security of the data. The goal is to make our system learn as quickly as possible so that it can give very accurate predictions when making suggestions related to the insureds. For this, we try to get as many data points as possible from multiple sources. 
 Other jobs at Gerald Technologies, Inc 
 UI Engineer 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 Frontend 
 3+ years 
 Product Manager 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Platform Engineer (AWS) 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Backend Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 India / Remote 
 Backend 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
