Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Scott Schaefer - Intelligent US Politics 
 Menu 
 
 Elections 
 
 2016 Election 
 
 
 Issues 
 
 Economy 
 
 Bailouts 
 Federal Budget 
 Housing Market 
 Recession 
 Stimulus 
 
 
 Global Warming 
 Health Care 
 Illegal Immigration 
 Media Bias 
 Unions 
 
 
 Scandals 
 
 Benghazi Cover Up 
 Clinton Emails Scandal 
 Clinton Foundation 
 Executive Orders 
 IRS Targeting Scandal 
 ObamaCare 
 
 
 National Defense 
 
 Border Security 
 Isis 
 Islamic Terrorism 
 
 
 Politics 
 
 Barack Obama 
 Hillary Clinton 
 Media 
 Progressive Agenda 
 Race Baiting 
 Tea Party 
 
 
 
 January 14, 2010   Scott Schaefer   Politics 
 How Many Jobs Has Obama's Trillion Dollar Stimulus Plan Created? With Accountability Out of the Way, We'll Never Know 
 Surely you remember Obama's $787 Billion  e   mergency  economic stimulus spending bill from this time last year. It became known as the  American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 . Obama promised it would create millions of jobs and keep the unemployment rate from exceeding 8.5%. What is now undeniable - even by those who drank the Kool-Aid and chanted the slogans - is that it didn't work. But, don't despair, the  Dear Leader  has a solution.  Lie about the results . 
 That's right, ladies and gentlemen, the White House has now changed the way the millions of new jobs which are being created by the stimulus spending are counted. One would have hoped that any such change would have been made because of an abject inability to count that high. But, alas, that's not the case. The Dear Leader changed the method of counting job creation in order to cover up the utter failure of the most massive spending plan in history. 
 For months the White House has been hearing criticism from across the country about problems with the $787 billion  stimulus plan , ranging from how it has been  ineffective at creating jobs  to the claims for job creation going to  fairy tale congressional districts  or even  phantom ZIP codes . 
 So how did the Obama administration choose to respond to this criticism? 
  Rather than addressing these concerns with honest and constructive changes, the White House is instead just  relaxed the reporting requirements  for stimulus recipients so the jobs data looks better (as you might recall, the White House previously admitted problems with the stimulus but  refused to make any changes . 
 Instead of reporting on the number of jobs "saved or created," a bogus term from the very beginning,  Recovery.gov  will now merely track how many jobs have been funded by stimulus money, regardless of whether they were created by the stimulus or had already existed. 
 These  new changes  will remove even the slightest thread of accountability from the stimulus, which was supposed to be accompanied with unprecedented transparency through the website Recovery.gov. Instead, as  CNN points out , "Now we'll never know just how many jobs were funded by the $787 billion stimulus program." The only things we can be sure of are that the Recovery.gov website cost $20 million to revamp and the above logo represents One Trillion Dollars of our money wasted. 
 President Obama  originally promised  that the stimulus would be responsible for "generating or saving three to four million new jobs" by the  end of 2010 , a point  reiterated by the chairwoman  of the President's  Council of Economic Advisers  this past September. But now it's impossible to know how many jobs have been funded by the stimulus, rendering the jobs claim yet another broken promise to American taxpayers. 
 Democrats have always advocated tax and spend economics even though these policies have never succeeded. Ever. 
 The problem, though, is that even with the White House reeling from the multiple blows to its credibility on the stimulus, leaders in Congress and President Obama himself are said to be considering yet  another  massive stimulus, this time pouring more money into infrastructure projects. You know, the same projects found in the original stimulus that have  not contributed to economic recovery . 
 It's time the Obama administration stop advancing massive government solutions. It is absolutely time they stop lying and find a way back to accountability. 
 The good news is, there are  no more terrorists in Afghanistan . That sounds strangely like a stimulus plan that has created millions of new jobs, doesn't it? As I am about to hit the publish button on this article, the liar who presently occupies the White House is on TV telling Americans that the plan has worked. Has anyone else had enough? 
 Related articles by Zemanta 
 
 [White House Changes Job-Count Rule](http://r.zemanta.com/?u=http%3A//www.usnews.com/articles/news/national/2010/01/12/whi
te-house-changes-job-count-rule.html&a=11460866&rid=597fd9c1-4c15-4c6c-a210-fcaeae49fd6d&e=87d118b512efbabedd84019a2b9c0b19) 
 White House: New way to tally stimulus jobs 
 Add Another $200 Billion or So To The Healthcare Bill…Who Cares 
 What Happened To Transparency? Instead We Get Obamunism 
 
 
 
 Rate this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 More 
 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Skype 
 
 
 
 
 Related 
 Tagged  dear leader ,  economic stimulus ,  Economy ,  jobs ,  obama is lying 
 Published by Scott Schaefer 
 Syndicated political writer Scott Schaefer has a background in American politics dating to 1974 when he was enlisted by his father as a campaign volunteer at the tender age of 10. Becoming more interested in politics, Schaefer took to the national stage in 1980 working on Ronald Reagan's 1980 presidential campaign. Schaefer was elected State President of the Arizona Teen Age Republicans in 1981 and then again worked for Ronald Reagan on his reelection campaign in 1984. Schaefer then focused entirely on a private sector career until founding Intelligent US Politics in 2009. Schaefer is the principal political writer of IntelligentUSPolitics.com and the American Politics Wiki. He also publishes both sites.   View all posts by Scott Schaefer  
 Post navigation 
 How Many Jobs Have Been Created By a Trillion Dollars in Stimulus? 
 The President's Bait-and-Switch Operation: Which campaign promises has he kept? 
 Search for: 
 Subscribe 
 Enter your email address and we'll notify you when new articles are published. 
 Join 568 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe 
 Grab Our RSS Feeds 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Political Links 
 
 Intelligent US Politics 
 
 Follow Scott Schaefer 
 
  Twitter  
  Google  
  LinkedIn  
 
 International Financing 
 
 Global Trade Funding 
 Trade Finance Solutions 
 International Project Finance 
 Monetization 
 Import Financing 
 Export Financing 
 
 Sites Worth Reading 
 
 Website Development SEO Web Marketing Website Design DFW Lexington Dev 
 The Daily Caller 
 Solitudo WordPress Theme by AitThemes.club 
 Metropolis Web Development 
 Global Trade Funding 
 Remodeling & Real Estate Reviews 
 Lexington Development Blog 
 Scott Schaefer - Intelligent US Politics 
 Stop Obama Now 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 10,879 Readers 
 
   Intelligent US Politics 
 
 We Won’t Let You Steal This Election 
 2020 Democratic Platform Offers Unfettered Socialism 
 Media Manipulating 2020 Presidential Polls, And Here’s How 
 Americans Can Handle The Truth (Democrats And Media Can’t) 
 Trump Pushing Unproven Drug For Financial Gain Per MSNBC 
 
 Our Latest Tweets 
 
 Total Corruption  #Trump2020Landslide    twitter.com/RCamposDuffy/s…   2 months ago 
 This is the guy who arranged Fusion GPS and the Steele Dossier and laundered Clinton money to fund them.   twitter.com/RealJamesWoods…   9 months ago 
 @ Rodrant64  @ markmartin  This 'fascist white supremacist' shit is dishonest and it's not selling, so try to stop bein…   twitter.com/i/web/status/8…   3 years ago 
 @ HowardU  removed three girls from campus because their hat scared your students. You have failed as a learning institution.  #snowflakes   3 years ago 
 RT @ Sarcasm_DuJour :  #Antifa   #Fascists   #AltLeft   #Democrats  Idiots protesting a free speech rally....that's your clue what the democrat part…  3 years ago 
 
 Follow @IntelUSPolitics  Search for: 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Home 
 'Congenital Liar' Hillary Clinton Lying For 13 Minutes Video 
 Democrats Have Chosen Muslims Over Gays 
 Obama Administration Paid Ransom To Release Bergdahl 
 Mainstream Media Bias In Midterm Election Coverage Reaches New Heights 
 CIA Deputy Director Involved In Benghazi Cover Up Resigns 
 Voter ID Law Upheld By Pennsylvania District Court Judge 
 Advertising Rates 
 Advertising Specs 
 Advertising 
 
 
   Intelligent US Politics 
 
 We Won’t Let You Steal This Election 
 2020 Democratic Platform Offers Unfettered Socialism 
 Media Manipulating 2020 Presidential Polls, And Here’s How 
 Americans Can Handle The Truth (Democrats And Media Can’t) 
 Trump Pushing Unproven Drug For Financial Gain Per MSNBC 
 
 Our Latest Tweets 
 
 @ JohnBrennan  .@ JohnBrennan  you are devoid of both character and loyalty. You're a traitor and your days have never been more numbered.#americanpolitics  1 year ago 
 I guess @ JohnBrennan  isn't in prison because he's the first Irish, Catholic, Muslim, Communist anyone has ever seen…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1… #americanpolitics  2 years ago 
 Shared via   Minds.com    minds.com/blog/view/8208… #americanpolitics  2 years ago 
 RT @ RandPaul : In case you didn’t think Congress was absurd before, Senate Democrats are now filibustering the open immigration debate they…#americanpolitics  2 years ago 
 
 Follow @ScottJSchaefer 
 
 
 Get The Feed 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Website Development SEO Web Marketing Website Design DFW Lexington Dev 
 The Daily Caller 
 Solitudo WordPress Theme by AitThemes.club 
 Metropolis Web Development 
 Global Trade Funding 
 Remodeling & Real Estate Reviews 
 Expert home improvement & remodeling resources, contractor reviews & real estate insights 
 Lexington Development Blog 
 Project Finance For International Development 
 Scott Schaefer - Intelligent US Politics 
 Stop Obama Now 
 All tyranny needs to gain a foothold is for people of good conscience to remain silent. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
