  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Gather data Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 3 weeks ago 
 Honduras Only: Report of land & house prices for Roatan, Honduras; ... 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Deadline: 7 Bids: 0 
 I am looking for realtor or person with access to the MLS in Roatan, Honduras - as I believe this is the only place where the reliable data can be extracted from. 
 I need a property investment report for buying land lots and houses in Roatan Island, Honduras. 
 Here is my suggestion for the report format, but if you can add additional value, please feel free to do that. 
For these categories: 
 
 Small land lots/parcels: less then 3000 m2 /0.72 acres; maximum allowed for foreign ownership 
 Larger land lots: 1 to 10 acres as land for potential subdivisions 
 Condos 
 Smaller single family homes: less then 150 m2 and 3 bedrooms 
 Larger single family homes: 150 - 300 m2 
 luxurious villas/mansions: larger then 300m2 
 
 For each category create a specific historical statistic of future projection: 
a) 10 (or 5 if 10 is not available) years of historical price data 
b) Price Impact of COVID situation in 2020 
c) expected price projection for next 5 years 
 Please add your overall market summary if you can. 
 Thank you, 
Ales 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Gather data 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. V. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Acquisition Specialist Jr. for Real Estate Company 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 4 
 This will become a fulltime job position and the main tasks to perform will be: Deal analysis for property purchasing, Rental analysis, Upload information in Web site with analysis results, Create and manage MLS searching criteria for deal analysis inflow. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Gather data 
 Published by:  M. J. Venezuela 
 USD 250 - 500 
 7 months ago 
 Market Research on rural housing 
 Published: 7 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 3 
 I plan to start a housing firm where I would like to understand how much do low-income groups spend on houses in India on average, moreover other forms of information such as the problems faced by such groups in housing. 
Like- 
Loan, Debt on housing 
Services that they need to maintain houses 
locations in India where housing is an issue, due to construction 
and much more. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Gather data 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. A. India 
 USD 50 - 100 
 7 months ago 
 Enter some data for ms excel 
 Published: 7 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 3 
 I'll give some data for you then you have to enter those data for ms excel. I'll give full details after selecting you. If you like to work with me then keep a bid for this project. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Gather data 
 Published by:  S. F. Sri Lanka 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 7 months ago 
 Store some data in ms excel 
 Published: 7 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 4 
 I'll give some data for you then you ha e to store it in ms excel. I'll send the data after selecting you.  If you know about excel then keep a bid for this. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Gather data 
 Published by:  D. P. Sri Lanka 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 9 months ago 
 Thesis Project - Data Analysis using spss 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 4 
 Simple project, 90 participants only. Require SPSS guidance, assistance, and counseling. Nothing complicated, Pearson correlations and a little more advanced analysis 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Gather data 
 Published by:  M. S. H. M. Last reply: 9 months ago  Panama 
 USD 100 - 250 
 10 months ago 
 Agriculture around the world problems 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 3 
 This is a project in which I need as much information as possible about the problems in agriculture since 2016 around the world, highlighting countries such as Canada, the United States and South America. The reason for this research is oriented to the possible uses of UAVs (drones) to solve these problems. 
 Tasks: 
Problems in agriculture since 2016 (detailed) 
How much money is invested and can be saved in agriculture (detailed) 
How drones can solve these problems (detailed) 
Which are the companies that have projects related to solve these problems (big companies and startups) (detailed) 
Possible ideas of how to solve these problems in a better way 
Any other info that can be helpfull 
 The report should contain the link of all the webpages where the main information was taken and most importantly these sources should be from academic papers or official webpages. Charts and any other graphic explanation are preferred to explain data. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Gather data 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  X. D. L. C. Last reply: 10 months ago  Ecuador Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
