Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Participant 
 Youth Employment Mentorship Program 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Hello Everyone! Another round of YEMP (Youth Employment Mentorship Program) is right around the corner. Please apply here or drop off your resume at the Cowichan Valley Youth Services by December 11th to be considered for our next intake! The next group of participants will begin the program on January 4th. 
 A bit about the Youth Employment Mentorship Program: 
 YEMP is aimed to help youth (ages 15-30) gain skills and confidence to enter the working world. Through workshops and job coaching we meet you where you are and help you get to where you want to go. YEMP is a 12 week commitment. The first 6 weeks participants will receive paid life/job skills training and various certificates. The last 6 weeks the participants will continue receiving support in their newly acquired position or continued job search. 
 This program started in September 2014 and 98% of youth have been successful in finding work, returning to school or job searching. The Cowichan Valley employers have been super supportive of this program and we thank all of them for their mentorship and encouragement to our youth participants. 
 Employers who hire a YEMP graduate are eligible to claim a wage reimbursement of a minimum of 50% of min. wage (14.60/hour). 
 Part-time hours: 30 per week 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-11 
 Expected start date: 2021-01-04 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Salary: $14.60 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
