[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Fresh Legitimate Work at home Job Leads 
 Published by  aw1219  on March 8, 2018March 8, 2018 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Did you know that you can work from home even if you are a senior? Not only is this possible but you can even select how many hours you want to work and what time of day you prefer to work from your home. One of the best parts about this particular job is that you won't have to sell anything, have previous experience or be required to type fast. The pay is over $10 per hour and is considered a "  Hot Work at home Job Opportunity  ". 
 This position is not just available to seniors but to teens and others looking to supplement their income. If you are interested in finding out more about this legitimate work at home job so that you can apply online. Please  read this post  to find out all the details so that you can get started today. Here are some additional work at home job resources for seniors, felons and even teens. 
 Work at home Jobs for Felons 
 2 Easy Work at home Jobs 
 Work at home Jobs for Teens 
 Get Paid $5 per Call as a Mystery Shopper 
 Work at home Jobs that do not require Experience 
 Work at home Essentials 
 YouTube Channel 
 Workersonboard FB Group 
 How to Find Legitimate Work at home Jobs 
 300 + Companies that Pay You to work from Home 
 Weekly Jobs 
 Friday Work at home Jobs & Freebies 
 Fresh Legitimate Work at home Job leads for 3/8/2018 
 At Home Rep 
 
 Alorica is hiring agents to offer customer support through phone, email, chat or social media to resolve their questions or concerns. You must be familiar with Windows, Word and Excel applications, have strong listening skills and can use a phone and computer. Paid training with benefits. 
 Data Entry 
 Cross Country Freight Solutions is seeking someone to enter, validate, verify to complete timely and accurate entry of data into the data entry program. You will need strong computer and organizational skills, can multitask and follow written instructions. Requires 1 year data entry experience. Will work from home after training. Pays $12 per hour. Part time. 
 Customer Service 
 ABC Financial is hiring reps to take inbound calls assisting members with billing questions, cancellation, account delinquencies, disputes and other issues. You will need 1 year experience handling calls, can multitask and have good verbal skills. Paid training with benefits. Arkansas residents only. 
 Customer Support 
 Hiring Thing is seeking full time customer support reps to respond to a high volume of support calls handle complaints, process job postings, and more. You must have good time management skills, can problem solve and have knowledge of web browsers. Hourly pay with $100 telecom reimbursement. 
 Customer Care 
 PNC Bank is hiring reps to provide customer support to those who contact their customer care center through various channels. You will need a phone line, fast internet and can multitask. Competitive base salary with up to $650 in performance bonuses. Full time. Must live in Ohio. 
 Freelance Expert Interviewers 
 Karat is seeking experts to do 10 up to 25 interview per week interviewing candidates during the evening and weekends. You must have previous experience and strong communication skills. 
 Reservation Sales Agent 
 Uhaul is hiring remote agents who want to work from home part time to assist customers with rental inquiries and making reservations for trucks, trailers, hitches, towing devices, storage and U-Box units. You must be interested in helping people and can communicate through instant messaging. 
 
 Digital Customer Service Rep 
 Vitacost is seeking candidates to answer email and chat from customers related to service or order processing, research and resolve complaints, can multitask, promote products and services, etc. You must have 1 year customer service experience and live in Florida. Part time. 
 English Transcriber 
 I Soft Stone is looking for transcribers to listen to English audio recordings and type out the speech into English text. You will need basic computer knowledge and typing skills, stable internet and have good reading, writing and spelling skills. Training provided. 
 Multimedia Judge 
 Lionbridge is looking for people who use the internet daily and have strong communication skills to review, evaluate and give feedback of images and online videos. You must be familiar with current affairs and work 10 to 20 hours per week. 
 NCP 
 Join National Consumer Panel - Earn valuable points, which are redeemable for electronics, household items, jewelry, toy, gift cards, and more.(no landline required with this homescan signup) 
 
 Life Points 
 Get rewarded for living your life! LifePoints is a fun, easy and safe way to earn rewards for sharing your time, opinions and data. What can you earn? It's your choice! Members earn LifePoints, which can be redeemed as gift cards, e-certificates or via PayPal. 
 Toluna Opinions 
 Earn $1-$5 each time you qualify and take surveys. Test products for free and share your opinions! Plus you will get an entry for a $2,500 sweepstakes when you register! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  fresh legitimate work at home jobs fresh work at home jobs hot work at home jobs 
 Tags:  fresh work at home job leads fresh work from home job leads fresh work from home jobs legitimate work at home job leads 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
