Skip to content 
 
  The Handmade Co.  
 A place for handmade lovers to hang out 
 Menu 
 
 Handmade Heroes 
 Business Advice 
 About 
 
 Join Us 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Business Advice 
 9 Things To Remember While Pursuing A Hobby Business And Holding Your Job 
 Posted by  thehandmadeco  on  January 4, 2017January 18, 2017 
 Pursuing a hobby business while holding a job is engaging, and a good source of income. Here are tips to handle a hobby business smoothly. 
 A lot of women today aspire to pursue their passions in the form of home-based  businesses   along with holding full-time or part-time jobs. Be it making homemade chocolates or teaching a foreign language, here are some things to keep in mind when you set out to do so: 
 
 Make sure your skills at work and the talent that you are banking on to make some extra money are not the same. So long as your interests don’t clash, it is okay to pursue a hobby business. Better still, read your office policy documents or have a word with your HR about it. 
 As a rule, don’t use office resources for your personal business. As much as you may be tempted to print fliers of your next workshop using the colour printer at work, resist the temptation. Good work ethics go a long way. 
 Focus. You are using whatever little time you get from your job to make this business survive. Unnecessary distractions or frequent context-switching may get you worked up. 
 A little bit of time management done ahead of time reaps great benefits. e.g. You can dedicate your commuting time for phone calls with clients and vendors. Or write that article while waiting your turn at the dentist. 
 Use a separate bank account to track expenses and revenue coming from your side-business. Mixing it up with your salary account makes it difficult to track. 
 Just like a bank account, having a separate email ID and phone number gives your business a professional edge. 
 Keep a small diary handy to jot down that brainwave you most often get when you are chasing a deadline at work. It is good to go back to it when you are free and looking for inspiration than to have lost it. 
 Ask for help  when required, or outsource what you can. e.g. If you have a handmade jewellery business, you can ask a photographer friend to click pictures for you. 
 Unwind. Managing many fronts together can be overwhelming. Take some time out with family and friends. Exercise. Go for a swim. A fresh mind always brings out the best! 
 
 Lastly, make sure you are having fun all along. That is an important factor in making your business survive. 
 Disclaimer: This post was originally posted on the Women's Web  here  by Gunjan Parulkar, founder of Koyri, handmade jewelry and accessories, India. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 day job gunjan parulkar hobby business koyri selling tips 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Papercuts: A Mindblowing Form Of Art! 
 Next Post When One's Day Job And Passion Go Hand In Hand – The Story Of Khyati Sharma 
 2 Comments Add yours 
 
 
 Pingback:  When one's day job and passion go hand in hand – The story of Khyati Sharma - The Handmade Co. 
 
 
 Pingback:  5 Things To Know Before You Start Your Small Business - The Handmade Co. 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
