Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business: Tenure-Track Faculty Positions 
 Trinity Western University 
 __Langley, BC 
 Apply Now 
 The School of Business at Trinity Western University (TWU) is one of the top ranked business schools in Canada in quality of education and career placement. We offer undergraduate and graduate degrees in business to 900+ students. Our undergraduate programs are offered on the main campus in Langley, BC, with a new campus building being occupied by 2021. Our MBA program is offered in Langley and Richmond, in Canada, and Shanghai, Tianjin and Beijing in China. Our undergraduate and graduate programs are designed around business applications and have a focus on developing future professionals, general managers and leaders, and successful entrepreneurs in all business disciplines. 
 Given our recent growth, we have opportunities in a variety of business disciplines. These tenure-track appointments will commence as soon as possible. The ideal candidate should possess an earned doctorate degree, or near completion of such; a candidate with a master’s degree, a professional accreditation/designation (eg. CPA, LLB, CPHR, etc.) and significant business experience will also be considered. We also expect our faculty to have an understanding of the global marketplace, industry experience in a management or consultant role, taught at a post-secondary institution, and conducted scholarly research related to their business discipline. All qualified faculty will be expected to teach in both the undergraduate and graduate programs, and while based in Langley, BC, may be required to teach occasionally in our other campuses in Canada and China. The School of Business will provide you with many opportunities, nationally and internationally, to enhance your knowledge, skills, abilities, and the integration of your faith within your business discipline. More information about Trinity Western’s School of Business and its programs can be found at https://www.twu.ca/academics/business/. 
 Trinity Western University is Canada’s premier Christian University of the arts, sciences, and professions. Recognized for quality, TWU is consistently ranked among the top two universities in Canada for Educational Experience by the National Survey of Student Engagement; holds four Canada Research Chairs; wins National Championships in U Sports; and emphasizes experiential learning to prepare graduates to make a global impact. TWU has been developing leaders of character and competence for more than 50 years. Interested candidates are asked to carefully review the TWU Mission Statement (available here), Statement of Faith and Community Covenant (available here). Successful candidates must be willing to support these statements during their employment at TWU. 
 All prospective faculty are required to submit the following as part of their online application: 
 a cover letter; 
a curriculum vitae; 
verification of doctoral (or terminal) degree; 
signed Statement of Faith and Community Covenant; and 
a document (no more than two pages) which describes how you anticipate your Christian faith would influence your teaching and scholarship if you were a faculty member at TWU. 
Please complete the online application available here; only complete applications will be considered. Applications will be accepted until a suitable candidate is found. Please direct any specific queries to Andrea Soberg, Professor, School of Business, andreas@twu.ca. 
 Trinity Western University encourages applications from all eligible candidates who are able to commit to the university’s mission, values, and Christian identity as articulated in its Statement of Faith and Community Covenant. We are committed to an ethic of inclusion and to the equal treatment of all persons without discrimination in accordance with human rights law. We particularly invite applications from indigenous people, women, persons with disabilities, and visible minorities. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. Persons with disabilities who anticipate needing accommodations during the application process should contact Isabel Lopez (Isabel.Lopez@twu.ca) in the Human Resources Department. 
 Trinity Western University is located on the traditional and ancestral territory of the Sto:lo people. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
