Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Illuminated Sign Sales - Nanaimo, BC 
 Grant Illuminated Signs Ltd 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Grant Illuminated Signs is looking to hire a salesperson who enjoys working with clients to provide them with signage they need, want and love. 
 This person will be responsible for meeting and submitting proposals to businesses in the Nanaimo, Duncan & Parksville areas and will work with new clients and revisit existing clients, to develop signage that works for them. The process includes initial prospecting, working with our estimation team, presenting proposals, following up and closing the sale; we need an individual that is skilled at working with people to get them what they want. 
 You will get the support you need as you will be working with experienced designers and fabricators that will help you in great detail. You will need to learn the product if you haven't already sold signs. We are looking for an individual that has some design sense, someone with an engineering technology or graphic design background, someone that loves talking with people and building what they want. We want motivated people who are willing to learn. 
 The income potential for this is large. Experienced sign salespeople can earn well over $100k a year with average earnings easily exceeding $40k per year. We would like to hear from you. Tell us how your experience will benefit our team; if you can sell us on you, you'll be the right person for the job. 
 This position is for motivated people who are willing to call, meet and discuss signage options with dozens of clients a day. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Salary: $40,000.00 to $80,000.00 /year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 Dental care 
 Life insurance 
 Disability insurance 
 Vision care 
 Vacation & paid time off 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Salary: $40,000.00-$80,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 sales: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
