  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 SEO Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance SEO consultant ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/seo-1) 
 Yesterday 
 Freelance Content Moderator 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 5 
 P-Wish is growing aggressively in digital entertainment and has already amassed a huge number of unique users. We're just getting started and excited to continue growing our team. 
 Requirements: 
This is a remote, part-time contract role. 
Native-level or near native proficiency in English. 
Flag inappropriate and unsuitable content. 
 Evaluate, analyse and correctly categorise social video content. 
High speed internet connection required. 
Edit video Title and Descriptions. 
 The payment is $3/hour. The more time you work the more money you will make. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Content for social networks 
 What do you need?  : Between 2 and 5 posts per week 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. Last reply: 5 hours ago  Cyprus 
 Less than USD 50 
 Yesterday 
 800 words texts 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 49 
 We are looking for: 
Committed and creative writers to work with a tube website, you will work along with us to reach new goals for our site. 
 Characteristics: 
Theme: Advertising texts 
Language: Various: French, Polish, German, Dutch 
Length: 800 words 
Must include: Subheadings - Keywords provided by us. 
SEO writing knowledge is greatly appreciated. 
 
 Thank you and good luck! 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. Last reply: 26 days ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 days ago 
 Corcosell 
 Published: 2 days ago  Bids: 1 
 Corcosell.com  i need seo administration in order to get a good posicion in the google search, right now a subpage is the page that appears in the search page but i dont want that 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 Published by:  G. Q. Mexico 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 days ago 
 Native Writer Malaysia For Finance Webstie 
 Published: 4 days ago  Bids: 6 
 Do you love writing and blogging? 
We are looking for a native writer Malaysia to write content on topics related to the finance industry. 
 Our ideal candidate will be able to write about Finance ( Trading forex, crypto, gold, CFD...) Topics in a clear, conversational style and will be comfortable working with various forms of written content. 
 The candidate will be detail-oriented, a strong proofreader, a thorough researcher, and will overall dedicate themselves to delivering quality pieces to our audiences. 
 ☞Responsibilities: 
1. Provide a well-written, thoroughly researched, and original blog or article based on the topic and keywords. 
2. Develop unique, clear, persuasive, customer-relevant, and SEO-friendly content to improve overall search traffic and lead the audience to register our site. 
 ☞Requirements: 
 1.Work  experience as a copywriter for at least 1 year 
2.Exceptional writing, editing, and proofreading skills 
 3.Good  time management skills and attention to detail 
 ❈Preferable who with trading experience/knowledge of SEO 
 ☞Here you can: 
 1.Work  online and have flexible working hours 
2.Consistent work assignments every week 
3.Competitive Rate 
 ★Notes: 
 1.Please  submit your resume and portfolio 
2.Negotiable Salary (depending on experience & creativity). 
 3.If  you are interested please contact me 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. P. Last reply: 4 days ago  Hong Kong 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 weeks ago 
 Website Content for a Healthcare Job Portal 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 12 
 I'm currently working on the staging of a new website. It's a job portal (eg. Sth like jobstreet) but only focusing on healthcare career opportunities. 
 Website content is ready on the staging site, I'm looking for a website content writer to proofread as well as make my current content more attractive. 
 I would need someone well-versed with: 
- Wordpress (know how to amend the content on wordpress) 
- Recruitment / HR function 
- Healthcare industry (hospital, clinic, pharmaceutical, etc) 
- SEO will be an added point 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. Last reply: 2 days ago  Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 weeks ago 
 Website Development 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Deadline: 25 Bids: 11 
 I have existing website but most of the features are old and very slow when im trying to browse it and I heard about SEO i want to put it also. I would like to finish the enhancements by end of  this  month. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. S. Philippines 
 USD 250 - 500 
 2 weeks ago 
 Looking for Seo Expert 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 13 
 Hi, 
I have domains and I am working on content and web design, I am looking for SEO service for long term 
 In how many months you can rank these keywords on the first page? 
 buy website traffic that converts. 
buy real human website traffic, 
buy website traffic, 
high quality website traffic 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. United States 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
