Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Patient Services Representative 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
CUPE JOB POST 
 Position:  Patient Services Representative - Part Time (x15) 
 File #:  2020-19122 
 Status:  Permanent Part Time 
 Role Level:  CUPEC01 $21.754 - $25.116 per hour 
 Department:  Corporate Services 
 Site:  Credit Valley Hospital 
 Hours of Work/Shifts:  Monday-Friday (days, evenings, nights) including weekends 
 Posted:  November 24, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  December 01, 2020 
 
 The location of any vacancy/position may be changed or reassigned as per operational needs. 
 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 Job Description: 
The successful candidate will be responsible for performing housekeeping services to patient care and clinical areas as support to patients within the Hospital and other duties as assigned. The position may require availability 7 days a week on a rotational basis and shift times can be subject to change. 
 Qualifications: 
Grade 12 or equivalent 
Must be able to read, write and speak English 
Be physically capable of performing the essential duties of the job 
Lifting up to 45 lbs 
Ability to read and follow cleaning instructions to perform job duties 
Preference will be given to candidates with recent related experience 
A positive work and attendance record is essential 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy and positive work environment. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
