Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Industrial Maintenance Mechanic - Brampton, ON, Canada 
 Owens-Illinois 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Remember the last time you opened a bottle of champagne? A cold beer after a hard day’s work or a bottle of sparkling mineral water to quench your thirst? Well, it was probably made by us. We are O-I and we love that we make more glass containers than anyone in the world. 
 O-I has more than a century of experience crafting pure, sustainable, brand-building glass packaging for many of the world’s best-known food and beverage brands. We are proud to provide high quality glass packaging for beer, wine, spirits, food, non-alcoholic beverages, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. 
 With nearly 27,000 employees and an unparalleled footprint spanning almost 80 plants in 23 countries, O-I is a truly global maker of glass packaging. 
 From engineering and manufacturing to brand development, design and innovation, we are dedicated to providing unique solutions to exceed our customers’ expectations and fuel consumers’ desire for glass. 
 Your Role: 
You must Install, repair, erect, dismantle, assemble and maintain all types of plant machinery, equipment, structures, and electrical or electronic equipment and component parts. This position includes such skills as: mechanical maintenance, carpenter work, plumbing, welding, electrical, small machine tool operation, sheet metal work, masonry work, etc. 
 Your Responsibilities: 
Works from complex blueprints, wiring diagrams, shop handbooks, layouts and other specifications (written or verbal) to determine the materials and working procedures needed in the maintenance of plant machinery, equipment, and structures. 
Installs, maintains, repairs, dismantle, overhauls reassembles, adjusts and tests various types of plant machinery, equipment structures and electrical or electronic equipment and component parts. 
Plans and performs work requiring a thorough knowledge of electrical or electronic principles, wiring specification codes, properties of various materials, principles of operation and application of electrical or electronic equipment such as motors, switches, control boards, generators, circuit breakers, electronic inspection units, etc. 
Welds, brazes, scrapes, solders, cuts, etc. various types of metals necessary for maintenance repairs and fabrication of new components and equipment. 
Performs a variety of trade functions such as a plumber, mason, carpenter and sheet metal worker, etc. in performance of duties which require the necessary skills and working ability. 
Constructs rigging and scaffolding; moves heavy machinery and equipment; lubricates greases, oils, etc., plant machinery and equipment. 
 Reporting Relationships: 
You will report to the Foreman. 
 Position Requirements: 
 About You: 
Must possess Industrial Maintenance Mechanic Ontario Provincial Certification / License 
Certified Electronic Technicians (CET) would be a plus. 
blueprints 
Must have experience using hand tools and power tools. 
Must have experience and basic knowledge of computers and be able to learn programs necessary to carry out job functions. 
Experience with Mig/Stick Welding and Fabricating parts is a plus. 
Prefers someone with strong troubleshooting skills and the ability to read blueprints, diagrams and drawings. 
Prefers someone with a working knowledge of PLC’s. 
Must be able to lift 50 lbs. on a regular basis 
Must be able to read, write, and communicate using English language 
 What We Offer: 
Opportunity for future growth and advancement 
Generous, Award-winning 401(k) plan w/ employer contribution & match 
Comprehensive benefits package 
Relaxed and contemporary dress code 
Education Assistance program 
Adoption Assistance program 
and much more… 
 If you are smart, passionate, innovative, culturally open, curious and collaborative, we’d like to hear from you. 
 O-I is committed to fostering an inclusive environment that attracts and embraces the brightest minds and creates a culture that welcomes a diversity of ideas and perspectives while encouraging growth and rewarding performance. 
 Must be able to perform the essential functions of the job with or without reasonable accommodations. 
 Must be authorized to work in the U.S. on a full-time basis. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
