Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Clerk, Information Management 
 Posted on  February 24, 2016  by   sarahgprescott 
 2.24.16 -  Clerk, Information Management 
B.2. NATO, Brussels, Belgium 
 Sarah P 's comments : Applicants must be citizens of a NATO country: 
 List of NATO members . 
 INFORMATION, COMMUNICATION AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT 
ARCHIVES AND INFORMATION MANAGEMENT 
 VACANCY N°  :  160090 (+ reserve list) 
** 
** 1. SUMMARY 
 The Archives and Information Management (AIM) Service ensures the accessibility, availability and integrity of all official information produced by and for the North Atlantic Council (NAC) and its Committees within the framework provided by the NATO Information Management (IM) Policy and NATO Security Policy. It provides NATO-wide IM and research support on matters pertaining to the activities of the NAC and its Committees, ensures the preservation of NATO information of historical value on behalf of the NATO Nations, provides training, support and guidance to NATO Nations, partners and entities on the implementation and execution of NATO policies pertaining to information and takes the lead on requirements development for all IM-related technology projects at NATO Headquarters. In addition, AIM is responsible for processing, disseminating, storing, organising and archiving the documentation produced by the NATO Committee structure and by the Departments of the NATO HQ International Staff (IS), taking into account the requirements of NATO Security Policy, NATO IM Policy, and applicable NATO HQ procedures. 
 The IM Clerk is assigned to a Unit of the AIM Services and provides IM support to a designated clientele. As directed, the Clerk will ensure that support is provided in an effective manner - responsive to customer needs and reflecting NATO IM policy and procedures. The Clerk is responsible for the correct and uniform application of relevant working procedures and of information security regulations. 
 2. QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE 
 ESSENTIAL 
 The incumbent must: 
 have a good general education at least to higher secondary level or have equivalent relevant professional experience; 
 have 2 years experience in information support functions or related duties, especially at the international level.  Formal training or practical experience in information or library sciences will qualify  ; 
 possess the following minimum levels of NATO’s official languages (English/French): V ("Advanced") in one; I ("Beginner") in the other. 
 DESIRABLE 
 The following would be considered an advantage: 
 knowledge of international best practices and standards in the field of IM and familiarity with the life-cycle management of records; 
 knowledge of documentary research and of the drafting of related reports and summaries; 
 knowledge of document and records management systems, modern office equipment, current office software packages, and their application to document processing and recordkeeping; 
 professional training or experience in library/information sciences or in international relations. 
 3. MAIN ACCOUNTABILITIES 
 Information Management 
Respond to requests for information; conducting research and submitting results for review. Process documents and correspondence in accordance with applicable procedures and guidance. 
 **Planning and Execution 
**Apply work procedures and guidelines related to the NATO Information Management Policy (NIMP) and to NATO Security Policy, seeking guidance as necessary. Perform tasks related to the secure handling and processing of electronic files (media control, data extraction, network transfers, etc.), including the operation of relevant office equipment. Execute other routine or manual tasks, including filing and regular messenger duties. Contribute to the improvement of routine work processes. 
 **Stakeholder Management 
**Work with the other members of the Unit to ensure effective support and quality service to the clientele. Advise customers on practicalities of information support. 
** 
Knowledge Management 
**Under supervision, apply an organisational file plan, maintain files, and prepare files for records disposition. Perform quality checks and contribute to statistics and reports. 
 **Expertise Development 
**Participate in cross-functional training assignments within the service and in other professional training as directed. Provide advice on basic IM practices. 
Perform any other related duty as assigned. 
 **4. INTERRELATIONSHIPS 
**The incumbent reports to the Head of a Unit and is responsible to the Head for the performance of all main accountabilities outlined above and such other associated responsibilities as may develop. He/she has frequent contact with Divisional staff to deliver routine information support and to provide advice on related practical and procedural aspects; in this context he/she also works closely with other Archives and Information Management staff to ensure optimal customer support. 
 5. COMPETENCIES 
 The incumbent must demonstrate: 
 Clarity and Accuracy 
Customer Service Orientation 
Empathy 
Flexibility 
Initiative 
Organizational Commitment 
Teamwork 
 6. CONTRACT 
 Contract to be offered to the successful applicant (if non-seconded): 
 Definite duration contract of three years’ duration; possibility of an indefinite duration contract thereafter. 
 Contract clause applicable: 
 In accordance with the NATO Civilian Personnel Regulations, the successful candidate will receive a definite duration contract of three years, which may be followed by an indefinite duration contract. 
 If the successful applicant is seconded from the national administration of one of NATO’s member States, a 3-year definite duration contract will be offered, which may be renewed for a further period subject to the agreement of the national authority concerned. The maximum period of service in the post as a seconded staff member is six years.  - 4 - 
 Serving staff will be offered a contract in accordance with the NATO Civilian Personnel Regulations. 
 7. HOW TO APPLY: 
 Applications  must  be submitted using one of the following links, as applicable: 
 For NATO civilian staff members only: please apply via the internal recruitment portal (for more information, please contact your local Civilian HR Manager); 
 For all other applications:  www.nato.int/recruitment 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Belgium ,  Europe ,  International archives ,  International Archivists ,  International Jobs ,  International Libraries ,  NATO ,  Overseas work  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
