Skip to primary content 
 might be time for a change here 
 Poets, librarians, archivists, gardeners, beekeepers, would-be pirates and life-long learners of all ages are especially welcome here. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Amilcar Cabral - History Is a Weapon 
 CUA LIS coursework: 2013-2014, 2017-2018 
 
 Archives and Oral History: A Site Visit 
 Art Museum Librarianship 
 Blogging #SLA2014 
 Brucheion 
 CLCS 646 Archives Management 
 Information Literacy and Instructional Design 
 Library Student Day in the Life 
 
 Healer of the Soul 
 
 
 LSC 551 
 LSC 553 
 LSC 555 
 LSC 557 
 
 The Birth and the Death of the New World Information and Communications Order 
 
 
 LSC 610 Information Architecture 
 LSC 772 Marketing Libraries and Information Centers 
 LSC 888 Special Libraries 
 
 
 DiGiWriMo 2016 
 LSC 698A - Take Home Comprehensive 
 My Poetry Blog 
 Poetry Museum and Rhizome Archives 
 
 2025 HR Revolution 
 Haraway. A Cyborg Manifesto: Science, Technology, and Socialist-Feminism in the Late Twentieth Century 
 lost and found oral history 
 reflections and confessions (short version) 
 Rhizo15 Blog Posts from Lenandlar's Things Educational 
 Rhizomatic Learning 
 Spring Global Spotlight @WCU 
 Stowaways - Reflections and Confessions 
 Warning! 
 
 
 Prologue 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 my first library job 
 Posted on  May 24, 2016  by   Raymond Maxwell 
 Today's Hack Library School blog post,  Sweat the Small Stuff , stirred up fond memories of my first library job at Southeast branch,  Greensboro Public Library . I was a high school junior working 20 hours a week as a library page for $1.25 per hour (it was the early 70's, and the library system got a special dispensation from the city to pay less than the minimum wage of $1.65 per hour because, well, it was library work). 
 Monday thru Thursday evenings, I came in and shelved books and read card catalogs and shelves. But on Saturdays, I worked a full 8-hour shift doing "other things," cleaning the parking lot (teenagers "hung out" in the parking lot in Friday nights and left trash), washing glass doors and windows (the librarians called it "windexing"), and using hot soapy water to clean dust off of shelves. Amazing how much dust accumulates underneath those books! I'd start in the 000's, and over several weeks make my way to 999, fiction, the reference section, children and juvenile collection, and back to the 000's. Without doubt, I learned the Dewey Decimal System, but actually physically cleaning each section also conveyed to our patrons the idea that somebody cared about the place, about the books, and about keeping it presentable for library users, or so the librarians assured me. 
 It has been many moons since I visited that library, now known as the  Vance H. Chavis Lifelong Learning Branch Library  (Vance Chavis taught my father at  Dudley Sr. High  and was my principal at Lincoln Street Jr. High (now known as  The Academy at Lincoln ). Somebody should do a wikipedia page on him). I always thought the building should have been named for  Helen Walden , the head librarian who transferred along with the original collection from the  Carnegie Negro Library  on the Bennett College campus. But Mr. Chavis was on the City Council after his years as a noted educator and I'm certain he worked hard to get and keep the funding for the Southeast branch. Anyway, that's the way it goes down south. Several years later I visited with Mrs. Walden at her home and she lamented about the books in the original collection that were ultimately destroyed in the consolidation. She smiled when I told her I was planning to retire early and go back into librarianship. 
 I swiped this photo from the branch website: 
 p.s. The motto for the branch is "The library in the community and the community in the library." Sounds rather  Ranganathian , doesn't it? The "first branch" is also home to Greensboro Public Library's first computer lab and houses what remains of an extensive African-American collection of both fiction and nonfiction. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  daily blog  and tagged  Greensboro Public Library ,  Helen Walden ,  Vance Chavis  by  Raymond Maxwell . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 About Raymond Maxwell 
 https://raymmaxx.wordpress.com/ Librarian, archivist, retired foreign service officer and Navy veteran. 
  View all posts by Raymond Maxwell ->  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 #clmooc   #critlib   #rhizo15   #SLA2014   agilelibrarianship   American Renaissance   August Wilson   big data   Blogging101   Blogging 101 #5   Critical Library Instruction   Critical Pedagogy   daily blog   design   DigiWriMo2016   gardening   human resources   information is power   Information Literacy   knowledge is power   Library and Information Science   librarying   MOOCMOOC16   NaBloWriMo   poetry   Ranganathan   sonnet   storytelling   teaching   Uncategorized 
 Career Transition Blogs and Cool Sites 
 
 The Floating Library 
 A Creative Need 
 (CALIATH) 
 Earthseed 
 Julian Stodd's Learning Blog 
 clayandbranches 
 Unassorted stories 
 #ThisIsMyPoetryBlog 
 M L Woldman 
 Pen to paper 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 The Floating Library 
 The Library is Open... 
 A Creative Need 
 Digital Stamps, Art, Design 
 (CALIATH) 
 An Empyrean Cycle 
 Earthseed 
 God is Change. Shape God. 
 Julian Stodd's Learning Blog 
 A place to explore new ideas in Learning 
 clayandbranches 
 mapping the nest 
 Unassorted stories 
 copyright reserved anyway :) 
 #ThisIsMyPoetryBlog 
 poems and ruminations written in homespun plain language that everybody can understand. 
 M L Woldman 
 Pen to paper 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
