Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CANADA RESEARCH CHAIR TIER II 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Tier 2 Canada Research Chair and Tenure-Track Faculty Position 
McMaster University, Faculty of Engineering 
 Date of online posting:  July 31, 2020 
 Job Posting ID:  33473 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 The Faculty of Engineering invites nominations from outstanding scholars for two Tier 2 Canada Research Chair (CRC) and tenure-track positions at the ranks of assistant professor and/or associate professor, located on the main university campus to begin on or after July 1, 2021. The successful applicant must demonstrate a compelling vision for both continuing and further developing McMaster Engineering’s longstanding strengths in research, with a specialization in the fields of micro-nano technology, smart systems, and/or bio-innovation and graduate training as well as carrying on and enhancing McMaster University’s Strategic Research mission. Individuals who have a firm offer of employment from the University in one of these fields are eligible, with departmental sponsorship. 
 McMaster Engineering has a reputation for innovative programs, cutting-edge research, leading faculty, and aspiring students. With over 180 faculty members, along with approximately 6,000 undergraduate and 1,000 graduate students, we have earned a strong reputation as a centre for academic excellence and innovation. Discover more of what McMaster Engineering and the Hamilton area have to offer academic professionals and their families by reviewing our Information Guide highlighting our research excellence, family-friendly resources and rich local culture. Opportunities for continuous personal and professional growth are also made available through our Faculty’s Fireball Academy and the MacPherson Institute. 
 Applicants must demonstrate a record of excellence in teaching and research and a willingness and ability to contribute to the department’s collegial and collaborative intellectual community as well as university-wide inclusive excellence goals and priorities. Research excellence will be reflected in extramural grant acquisition and publication in high quality peer-reviewed journals. The successful applicant will teach both undergraduate and graduate level courses. Successful applicants will also be expected to establish a strong externally-funded research program, supervise graduate students and foster existing or new collaborations with other departments and faculties. 
 The successful candidate will have completed a Ph.D. in a related engineering discipline, within ten years of nomination to the CRC position and will be an outstanding emerging scholar with a demonstrated potential to achieve a significant international reputation in the next five to ten years and acknowledged by the peers as having the potential to lead in their field. Candidates who are more than 10 years from having earned their highest degree and who have had career breaks, such as maternity, parental, or extended sick leave, clinical training, etc., may have their eligibility for a Tier 2 Chair assessed through the program’s Tier 2 justification process. 
 Please contact Dr. John Preston, Associate Dean, Research, Innovation and External Relations at engadr@mcmaster.ca for more information. For full program information, including further details on eligibility criteria, please consult the CRC website. 
 All nominations for CRCs are subject to review and final approval by the CRC Secretariat. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengths our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 We invite all applicants to complete a brief Diversity Survey as part of the application process. It takes approximately two minutes to complete during the online application process. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. Inquiries about the Diversity Survey may be directed to hr.empequity@mcmaster.ca. 
 Applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Executive Officer in the Faculty of Engineering at 905-525-9140 ext. 24900 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How To Apply 
 Please visit our Current Opportunities webpage https://hr.mcmaster.ca/careers/current-opportunities/ to submit your application to job opening 33473 by January 6, 2021, addressed to: 
 Prof. John Preston (engadr@mcmaster.ca) 
Associate Dean Research and External Relations 
Faculty of Engineering, McMaster University 
 a letter of application together with a full curriculum vitae, a sample of publications, evidence ofteaching effectiveness, a research program summary proposal (3 pages maximum), a summaryproposal of plans for the further development in one of the following areas: micro-nanotechnology, smart systems and/or bio-innovation; 
a brief statement describing the contributions you have made or plan to make to inclusiveexcellence in teaching, research, or service in academic, professional or community contexts,including how the candidate will contribute to the advancement of the University’s Equity, Diversity and Inclusion Strategy: Towards Inclusive Excellence within the Faculty of Engineering (2 pages maximum); and 
contact information for at least four potential referees from whom confidential letters ofassessment that speak to the candidates' quality of being a CRC as well as a faculty member, canbe obtained. The guidelines for referees are available here: https://www.chairs-chaires.gc.ca/program-programme/referees-repondants-eng.aspx. 
 McMaster University recognizes the potential impact that career interruptions and personal circumstances (e.g. pregnancy, early childcare, eldercare, illness, etc.) can have on an applicant’s record of research achievement. We encourage applicants to explain in their applications the impact that career interruptions, or other issues may have had as described under “Career Interruptions” at CRCs Guidelines for ensuring a fair and transparent recruitment and nomination process. Further detail may be found under Guidelines for Assessing the Productivity of Nominees. 
 Review of applications will continue until the position is filled. The effective date of appointment is negotiable, but July 1, 2021 is preferred. All applicants will receive an online confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University gathers information about applicants’ status as either a permanent resident of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Executive Officer in the Faculty of Engineering at 905-525-9140 ext. 24900 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Applicants with questions regarding this recruitment should contact John Preston, Associate Dean Research and External Relations via engadr@mcmaster.ca. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
