Skip to content Menu 
 
 
 Subscribe to our YouTube Channel 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Subscribe to our BLOG 
 
 
 Join our COMMUNITY 
 
 
 Moms Helping Moms 
 
 
 Subscribe to our YouTube Channel 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Subscribe to our BLOG 
 
 
 Join our COMMUNITY 
 
 
 Moms Helping Moms 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior 
 Inside Stories of the Struggle to Juggle Motherhood & Career 
   
 The Motherhood Albatross Sabotaging Your Career 
 I just got passed up for a job… again… beat out by someone with less experience. Beat out by another woman. A woman with no children. 
 When I found out the name of the woman who got the job -- the job I wanted so desperately, the job that fit me so perfectly, the job I was so close to getting after multiple conversations with the employer over a two-month period -- I was compelled to find out if she had children or if she was even married. 
 When I found the answer -- she has neither a husband nor children -- I was somehow happy and sad at the same time. Relieved and frustrated. Resigned to failure and driven to try even harder. All in the same moment. 
 I don't blame this woman. She has worked hard for 11 years to build up her career. I don't blame the employer. The executive who interviewed me took the time to call me personally and explain what a strong candidate I was and how much the organization wanted to hire me. I was grateful she also shared with me who they hired and why -- without me even asking. It didn't ease the sting, but it gave me a clearer road map to where I've been and where I'm going and why I may need to change course and how it may be too late. 
 The employer hired someone without some key skills and experience that I have because  she  has a vast network of connections that will help her bring a competitive edge to the organization. I understood their motivation, and I instantly surmised that this woman was not a mother. I researched and confirmed my suspicion. 
 When I dug around and read about this single woman, I discovered (not surprisingly) all the time she appears to have had for years to develop a deep list of professional contacts through long work hours, regular social activities, industry and community engagement, and ongoing volunteer work -- the kinds of things I bypass to be with my children. Sure, I take part in these kinds of activities on an occasional basis. But my day-to-day life has been dominated for 16 years by driving children, attending kids' performances and sporting events, making meals and snacks, doing laundry, coordinating schedules, helping with homework and just being available and awake at home to play a game or listen to a concern or snuggle together watching a movie or take away electronics when necessary or insure my kids get to bed at a decent hour. 
 I don't regret it. Not. A. Minute. Of. It. But every so often I get a slap in the face reminding me of what I sacrificed. Years ago I intellectually accepted that I was slowing down my career path when I switched from full-time to part-time work because I craved the kind of motherhood that included girl scout leader, soccer coach, room mom, and after school chats. But I never anticipated how hard it would be to return to work full-time. Or to find a decent-paying, full-time job. 
 We hear so much about wages for women being lower than wages for men, but we don't hear how wages for mothers are even lower than those of woman who have no children. 
 In  Working Mother magazine , writer  Marisa LaScala  found "the wage gap for mothers is wider than the gap for women in general, who earn on average 78 cents for every dollar a man makes. 'Mothers who work full-time, year-round in the United States are paid just  71 cents for every dollar  paid to fathers who work full-time, year-round,' according to a report by the National Partnership for Women & Families. 'Single mothers are paid just 58 cents for every dollar paid to fathers. And African American and Latina mothers suffer the biggest disparities, being paid just 54 cents and 49 cents, respectively, for every dollar paid to white, non-Hispanic fathers.' And yet, women are increasingly responsible for household expenses; a recent report by the Working Mother Research Institute found that  nearly 30 percent of partnered working mothers were breadwinning moms ; financial responsibilities are even greater for single working mothers." 
 That's one reason this loss hurts so much. I crave a rejuvenation of my career, but even more importantly, I desperately need the income. My family desperately needs the income. Neither my husband nor I have held a full-time salaried position since the Great Recession of 2008. In the past two years, the main freelance clients that each of us counted on dried up. With both of us being 1099 employees, there is no unemployment safety net. So for months we've been scrambling -- trying to stay afloat with four part-time jobs, three home-based businesses, and freelance writing work that all added together doesn't equal the wage of one good, full-time job. 
 In the course of trying to find a full-time job and sending hundreds of resumes over the past year, I realize that few of those applications are even read. When I find a job that I know suits my background perfectly and pursue it with gusto by contacting everyone I know at the company, I usually find out it is being offered to an internal candidate or a job seeker who is already working full-time. Offered to a woman who didn't take time off to raise a family. Or offered to a single woman. Or offered to a man. 
 If a man had gotten my dream job I recently was so close to attaining, I would not have felt compelled to find out of he had children. It wouldn't have mattered. I would know that his career trajectory would have been the same whether he had children or not. He likely would have been afforded by his wife and his children the acceptance to work long hours, participate regularly in social activities, engage with his industry and community, and volunteer when it meant furthering his career network. A mother generally chooses children and family over such pursuits to accelerate her career. Some, like myself, make the choice consciously -- not fully realizing the long-term effect. Others let external forces make the choice for them -- bound by the guilt, shame, and simply the practicality that requires her to care for her children. 
 Those choices and circumstances give children more time with their mother. But they rob society of the abundance of intellect, creativity and drive that so many women are eager to give when her child-rearing years are winding down. As long as employers prioritize connections forged with industry professionals over skills and experience, mothers will be penalized in the workplace for attending parent-teacher conferences and dance recitals for years after their children leave the nest. And that [penalty](http://© Redbaron | Dreamstime.com -  Silhouette Of Woman With Chains Photo ) may continue to burden mothers and not fathers long after I have left the work force -- when my daughter is trying to make her way through the maze of choices whose impact is often obscured by the daily onslaught of raising a child. It's a mommy tax we all unwittingly pay after our job of motherhood is done. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 November 21, 2016April 30, 2019   Working Mom Warrior Balancing career ,  Business Owner ,  career ,  career woman ,  Dad ,  dads ,  Empty Nest ,  Father ,  Flex Schedule ,  kids ,  Kids Activities ,  Maintaining career ,  marriage ,  Married moms ,  men ,  mom ,  Moms ,  Mother ,  Motherhood ,  Mothers ,  Over Achiever ,  OverAchiever Mom ,  Parent ,  Pausing Career ,  Stalling career ,  wife ,  winner ,  Woman ,  work from home ,  Work life balance ,  work-life balance ,  Working moms achievement ,  Balance ,  children ,  entrepreneur ,  failure ,  family ,  full-time ,  girl scouts ,  guilt ,  happy ,  job ,  money ,  networking ,  Parenting ,  Quality Time ,  Room Mom ,  School ,  sports ,  stress ,  success ,  volunteers ,  work 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Does helicopter parenting help or hurt? 
 Next Post Please Take This Survey on Carpools and On-Demand Child Care 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Confronting A Crisis: When You Don't Know How To Help Your Child 
 Financial instability is a life-eating disease we must eliminate 
 A Letter To My Future College Graduate 
 The never ending journey to reach goals 
 Dealing with Conflicting Emotions During Parenting Transitions 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 October 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 September 2018 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 May 2014 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 OverAchiever Mom 
 
 OverAchiever Mom 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 Subscribe to our YouTube Channel 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Subscribe to our BLOG 
 Join our COMMUNITY 
 Moms Helping Moms 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior  on  Stop Bragging So Much On Socia… 
 
 
 
 
 JA on  Stop Bragging So Much On Socia… 
 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior  on  Happiness vs. Achievement: The… 
 
 
 
 Working Mom Warrior  on  Stop Bragging So Much On Socia… 
 
 
 Anonymous on  Happiness vs. Achievement: The… 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Balancing career 
 Business Owner 
 career 
 career woman 
 Dad 
 dads 
 discipline 
 Empty Nest 
 failure 
 Father 
 Flex Schedule 
 Girl Scouts 
 Have it all 
 Having kids 
 husband 
 Job share 
 Keeping marriage alive 
 kids 
 Kids Activities 
 Kids Independence 
 loser 
 Maintaining career 
 marriage 
 Married moms 
 men 
 mom 
 Mom confession 
 Mom secrets 
 Mom trick 
 Moms 
 Mother 
 Motherhood 
 Mothers 
 Organization 
 Over Achiever 
 OverAchiever Mom 
 Parent 
 parenting 
 Pausing Career 
 pre-teen girl 
 Problem Solving 
 Productivity 
 Stalling career 
 success 
 Survey 
 Teens 
 Uncategorized 
 Volunteer 
 wife 
 winner 
 Woman 
 work from home 
 Work life balance 
 work-life balance 
 working mom 
 Working moms 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
