Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Online English Teacher 
 Broadview Education Ltd 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for experienced English teachers to join our Calgary team. Your main goal will be to create a supportive learning environment which will help your students meet their learning goals. Through interesting and diverse methods, you’ll teach them the important rules of reading, writing, and speaking in English. You’ll oversee their progress by tracking their assignment and test in order to provide useful feedback. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Preparing lesson plan and coursework materials, homework assignments. 
 Teach in class or online 
 Provide feedback based on workload and classroom behavior 
 Evaluating a students’ class work and assignments. 
 Developing English lesson plans in line with the Province Curriculum. 
 Creating a vibrant teaching atmosphere 
 
 1) YOU MUST BE RESPONSIBLE AND WORK AS A TEAM! 
 
 Must love children and be committed to their academic well-being.  You MUST have at least 2 years of experience working with children (ages 5-13) in the capacity of teacher. 
 
 3)Knowledge of various teaching methods 
 4)Deep understanding of the national curriculum and English language requirements 
 5)Exceptional organizational and communication skills 
 
 
 Strong mastery of English writing (including grammar and diction) is a must! 
 
 
 Background in education is required.  Knowledge of reading and writing systems such as Writing without Tears, A-Z, Empowering Writers is an asset. 
 
 
 Is eager to learn and to contribute to a vibrant learning environment. 
 
 
 Formal education is an asset: Certified Teacher is required  or combined equivalent of education and experience. 
 
 
 BSc/BA in English Language or English Literature; MSc is a plus 
 
 
 Salary: $19-$23/hour,depending on qualifications and experience. Bonus pay every 4 months. 
 Job Type: Contract/Permanent part time 
 Benefits: 
 
 Work from home opportunities 
 Flexible working hours 
 
 Job Types: Part-time, Contract, Permanent 
 Expected start date: 2020-12-01 
 Job Types: Part-time, Contract, Permanent 
 Salary: $19.00-$23.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Teaching: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
