Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Ardene 
 __Brantford, ON 
 Apply Now 
 THIS COULD BE YOU! 
 Want to be part of an amazing team? If you’re a friendly and energetic person with an interest in fashion retail – we want to hear from you. 
 We understand that it may feel a little scary to start going out again, but as always, the wellbeing of our employees and customers is number one. We are implementing additional health & safety measures to ensure your security in our stores. 
 Visit https://www.ardene.com/ca/en/community-response/covid-19.html for more information on our safety protocols. 
 The Role 
 The Sales Associate provides outstanding customer service, merchandises, generates and processes sales as well as maintains the store’s cleanliness and appearance. 
 Responsibilities Include: 
Ensuring outstanding service by creating a friendly environment. This includes greeting, acknowledging and re-approaching every customer, and being knowledgeable about products. 
Staying up to date on the most current sales and promotions. 
Assisting in merchandising displays and store cleanliness. 
Replenishing merchandise, monitoring floor stock and processing shipments. 
Processing purchases at the cash register. 
Adhering to all company policies. 
Other tasks as assigned by the management team. 
 Compensation:  The average wage for this position is $14.00 per hour. 
 Who We Are 
 Born in Montreal way back in 1982, Ardene has grown into who we are today with the help of our Canadian family. We believe fashion shouldn’t be exclusive or intimidating – it should be real, and it should be celebrated with youthful confidence and fearless enthusiasm. 
 ✓ Fun & fast-paced 
 ✓ Great employee discount 
 ✓ Flexible schedule 
 ✓ Caring leaders 
 ✓ Casual dress code 
 ✓ Limitless opportunity 
 At Ardene, you’re more than an employee – you’re part of a fun, dynamic and energetic family. 
 Job Requirements 
 Qualifications: 
Retail or customer service experience an asset 
Excellent selling and customer service abilities 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills 
Work well autonomously and in a team 
 Physical requirements: 
Ability to stand for extended periods and climb a ladder; 
Move, lift and handle boxes of merchandise and fixtures throughout the store (weighing up to 30 pounds). 
 This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties to meet the ongoing needs of the company. 
 Ardene is an equal opportunity employer, and as such, does not discriminate in hiring or terms and conditions of employment on the basis of an individual’s race, ancestry, color, place of origin, religion, gender, gender identity, citizenship, age, sexual orientation, disability, national origin, family status, marital status or any other or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. Selection decisions are solely based on job-related factors. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
