Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Analyst, Fund Accounting 
 CIBC Mellon 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Information: 
CIBC Mellon is a leading provider of asset servicing solutions to institutional investors in Canada, including multi-currency accounting, fund valuation, and investment information reporting. We are passionate about providing exceptional client service backed by our culture of innovation and success. Our outstanding employee experience will provide you with opportunities to learn and grow professionally while supporting the communities in which you live and work. 
 We are a diverse and dynamic workplace where employees take an active role in delivering on strategic objectives while advancing their individual career goals. We encourage innovative thinking and give our employees the support and resources they need to turn great ideas into actions. 
 We’re always looking for talented people who can make a meaningful difference for our clients, our company and our communities. To learn more about why our employees love coming to work each day, visit www.cibcmellon.com/experience. 
 Position Overview: 
The Analyst, Fund Accounting, performs all necessary accounting functions on a daily basis for the largest or most complex funds to arrive at a correct Net Asset Value (NAV) for assigned mutual funds and provide related reporting. May also perform a validation function to ensure that daily NAVs of the team’s assigned mutual/pooled funds are calculated in a timely and accurate manner and that reports presenting financial information are accurate and delivered within established time frames. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Calculates the daily net asset value for assigned funds assigned to them (typically the most complex in nature, or for the most complex or strategic clients) 
 Prepares financial statements, audit and year end valuation packages, financial reports, fund distributions and preparation of T3 income distribution factors with varying time lines. 
 Reviews and reconciles daily transactions of assigned mutual funds - analyzes daily cash flow activities, reconciles assets and cash balances, maintains a balanced cash account. Researches discrepancies; investigates special or questionable transactions, i.e., trade corrections, corporate actions; liaise with clients and their representatives, as well as, internal staff concerning issues affecting the valuation of funds 
 Inputs all capital stock transactions and ensures capital stock is balanced. Input manual entries that affect a fund, such as, fee payments. Accounts for all cash deposits, interest, and dividend payments. 
 Performs additional audit checks to support the calculation of net asset values; analyzes the increase or decrease of the net asset value of a fund 
 Reports the daily net asset value of funds to clients, their representatives, and newspapers, according to instructions 
 Contributes to the preparation and review of interim and year end distribution calculations 
 Ensures client inquiries are responded to on a timely and thorough basis 
 Contributes to documentation of departmental policies and procedures, and conducts regular audits to ensure staff are following them 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Completed post-secondary education 
 A minimum of 2 years progressive experience in Fund Accounting 
 Canadian Securities Course 
 Advanced knowledge of office productivity software (e.g. Microsoft Excel) 
 Advanced knowledge of InvestOne 
 
 CIBC Mellon 's Values: 
 Get it Right Every Day:  Deliver service excellence while always acting with the highest ethical standards 
 Put Clients at the Centre:  Advocate for clients by listening, sharing knowledge, and bringing the right solutions forward 
 Be One Family:  Challenge, empower and recognize your colleagues 
 Take Ownership:  Speak up, speak out, and make things better 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
