
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Deloitte Digital is looking for a Copywriter  in New York, NY, USA. 
 About 
 Deloitte Digital is creating a new model for a new age--we’re an agency and a consultancy. Understanding the digital space and preparing for what’s next is at our core. We help clients reimagine how profits are made. We rethink how relationships are created and built. We reshape the landscape of work and rewire the high-reaching fabric of entire industries. That’s the power of driving disruption, and that’s what we do. 
 We are seeking a Copywriter (Studio Staff) to join our collection of artists, analysts, strategists, engineers, writers, makers, business-builders, designers, doers, and dreamers, who are all united by a belief in the power of creativity to Elevate the Human Experience. With digital studio locations in Chicago, Denver, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, and Seattle, we work alongside broader Deloitte to solve our clients’ toughest challenges and redefine how business gets done. 
 What you’ll do 
Our future Copywriter is a is a great storyteller and natural leader. This person must show composure under pressure, always be solution-orientated, and function as a collaborative partner to fellow creative leads. This person will be responsible for mentoring and managing teams, as well as inspiring and fostering the best collaboration between creative talent and cross-department. This person will be responsible for running accounts as well as leaning into new business while we continue to scale our quickly growing New York office. 
 In this role, you will: 
• Collaborate with manager/sr. manager copywriters to conceptualize, write, and edit campaign assets, including social media, web copy, emails, invitations, and marketing collateral 
• Collaborate with designers to develop creative concepts for assets; proofread materials for colleagues and provide quality control 
• Understand and translate Deloitte brand and style guidelines into a clear, confident, and human voice 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7639-deloitte-digital-copywriter  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Conceptual, Consulting, Digital 
 Date Posted 
 November 3, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Melissa Sweeney 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Sweet office 
 
 Fine Print 
 Qualifications 
Required: 
• Conceptual, creative thinker with a passion for writing and the willingness to learn from others 
• Conversant with established and emerging digital and social platforms 
• Strong project management and organizational skills 
• Excellent interpersonal skills 
• A strong portfolio of relevant work 
• 5+ years of writing experience 
• Solid presentation skills and client facing ability 
• Willingness to travel up to 30 percent (While 30% of travel is a requirement of the role, due to COVID-19, non-essential travel has been suspended until further notice) 
• Must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for employer sponsorship, now or at any time in the future 
 Preferred: 
• B.S. in English or Communications 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
