  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Lambeth, England 
 Rate:  £37000 - £39000 per annum + DOE 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Supervising Social Worker, Permanent 
 We are currently recruiting for an Experienced Supervising Social Worker in Lambeth, South West London. 
 This is a Permanent role with a salary of up to £39,000 Per Annum depending upon experience. 
 You will be working Full time hours (37.5 hours a week). 
 Some of your key responsibilities will include: 
, To recruit, assess, and monitor the skills of our foster carers to ensure that they provide a safe, healthy, nurturing and learning environment for our children and young people ensuring that they have up to date foster care agreement in place that meets regulatory requirements. 
 , To work with carers to ensure that they fully understand their role, identify and capture their development needs on a personal development plan (PDP) and provide appropriate organisational, professional and personal support to ensure that the carers have the right skills and competency to support our children and young people. 
 Assist in the 'Skills to Foster' training as appropriate. 
 , To provide support to carers to enable them to evidence level of competence against required training standards within timescales, and following an assessment, sign off each standard. 
 Essential requirements to apply for this role are: 
, Social Work Qualification and registration 
, Previous experience as a Supervising Social Worker 
 Working with our client comes with many benefits, including - 
, Access to discounts and benefits through Perkbox 
, Birthday as an additional day leave 
, Attendance at bi-annual conference 
, Staff recommendation bonus 
, Mentoring by Senior Managers 
, Win up to £150 in monthly Awards 
 If you are interested in the role, or know of anyone who may be, please contact Nosheen at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 964 or email Nosheen.Hussain@servicecare.org.uk 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know of anyone who would be perfect for this position and they are placed into work, you will receive £250 for the referral once their probationary period has been completed! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £37000 - £39000 per annum + DOE 
 
 
 Location:  Lambeth, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-17 15:16:04 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Business Support Officer 
 Repairs Administrator 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse - York 
 Family Paralegal 
 Covid-19 Project Manager 
 Health and Safety Advisor 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker  
 Joiner 
 Support Worker  
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
