In Search of a Job Title 
 lessons in unemployment 
 Search 
 
 Home 
 fundamentals of unemployment 
 about 
 contact me 
 Creative Business Asset 
 
 Bookmark the  permalink . 
 you need a job title 
  Mar  27    by  encausticArtist 
 Anyone you speak to could lead you to a job, so be ready with your job title. 
 When you become unemployed, even chance meetings become impromptu job interviews. New introductions usually include a "What do you do?" Friends usually ask, "How's it going?" Please don't throw these opportunities away. Give the other person a chance to be helpful, most people want to. But you have to help them help you. Let them know you're unemployed and what job title you're looking for. It should be just that short and sweet. Don't whine and moan about how you got to this point, be upbeat. And be sure the job title makes sense and can be remembered by the other person. I found this out the hard way. 
 Explanations of what you want to do or how you approached your old job are wasted. I have found that people are waiting to hear that short little job title. Don't assume that they want to hear your story or your qualifications unless of course they specifically ask for them. Don't make them wade through your verbiage to get to the point, your job title. If you give them too much then they'll default to what they understand the best from everything you say and it may not be what you think it should be. 
 Your job title is key to getting people to pay attention to you. Your job title is shorthand for everything people want to understand about you. So think carefully before you start throwing around what your job title/profession is. There could be a difference between what you were, what you were trained to be, what you are qualified for, what you want to be, and what you are willing to accept. It took quite a while for this lesson to sink in. 
 In my case, I've led an odd life doing creative jobs in many different fields around the world. They can best be summed up as high-level idea and concept development. That has left me with brilliantly good soft skills, you know, problem solving, organization, management, self motivation, decision-making, etc. Those are now worthless. They are not job titles, they are skills to be applied to your job. You can not find them listed in boldface in the newspaper and you can not put them on the same line as your name on your business card. When I told people my story, a really good one I might add, they nodded politely and then said, but what is your job title? I no longer tell people my story. 
 On the upside, as the unemployed, you may now play with your job title. Maybe you were ready and waiting for the next step up but you were laid off too soon. Maybe you have a wonderful hobby that has positioned you with enough experience to create a new career. Whatever the case, think carefully about what job title you decide on, it really is your choice. And of course, as you edit your resume to fit the job, feel free to edit your job title as you see fit. It's your life you know. 
 I consider this one of my personal  fundamentals of unemployment . 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 More 
 
 
 
 Print 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  fundamentals of unemployment  and tagged  creative ,  job title ,  opportunity ,  skills ,  unemployment . 
 Post navigation 
 <- what's in a name 
 Start a consulting company -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 the reason you are unemployed doesn’t matter, not now 
 Just getting a job isn’t enough 
 Take some time each day to retool and re-educate 
 Others will help you based on their past not your present 
 Being unemployed makes other people uncomfortable 
 
 Categories 
 
 fundamentals of unemployment 
 unemployment 
 
 Follow In Search of a Job Title on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
