Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Mae East 
 An old soul finding her place in life through honesty, humor and photography. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About Mae 
 The Ultimate Purpose 
 
 Tag Archives: Career 
 Old Soul Works for Free 
 Posted on  August 13, 2012  by   Mae East 
 Reply 
 
 I’ve started as a volunteer for a local Historical Society. Mainly because I need the experience to advance myself in a direction I’d like to go. I find it nearly impossible to get the experience in the history and genealogy fields without putting in the time for free. I’m ok with that, particularly since I never did an internship in college and it seems that is the way to go these days. I’m eager to learn and I’m hoping they see some sort of potential in me so I can eventually sign on as a regular fixture. 
 I tried to tell them I’m an old soul, so I had a lot of historical knowledge first hand already, but they said, well, they didn’t say anything. No, I didn’t really say that to them, but I’ll bet a lot of old souls are drawn to that field simply because there is something familiar to reel them in. Maybe it’s not obvious and maybe some of these people just love history, but I always wonder how stories of yesteryear fascinate some so much and others could really care less. 
 None of us are the same and thank God for that. Although there are a few people I’d have liked to clone; if I were into that modern technology sort of thing. 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities ,  Being Old Fashion Works  |  Tagged  Ancestry ,  Aspirations ,  Career ,  Change ,  College ,  Fascination ,  Goals ,  Happiness ,  Historical Society ,  History ,  Humor ,  Life ,  Motivation ,  Musings ,  Old Fashioned ,  Old Soul ,  postaday ,  Random thoughts ,  Self Discovery ,  Volunteer  |   Leave a reply 
 I'm Back…365 Consecutive Days…Not This Year 
 Posted on  July 30, 2012  by   Mae East 
 8 
 It's been a process, but I'm back. 
 We've travelled overseas, worked our tails off and I'm officially unemployed. This is all a good thing, but it has taken a toll on my time. Today is the official start of a new life and a happier Mae. The weight has already been lifted, though it seems very surreal. Having left a stressful and unrewarding career behind, I'm on the hunt to do what makes me happy and somehow find a way for it to pay off in satisfaction and eventually to pay some bills. I'm lucky because I have an incredibly supportive husband who would rather see my smile than my paychecks, at least for a little while. He’s giving me the chance to do good for others and for us, despite the sacrifices that may lie ahead. 
 
 The World Is Your Oyster by Bill Frymire 
 I have a lot of ideas and wonderful volunteer opportunity that I start at the end of this week. One that I'm hoping leads me down the road to a career of history and ancestry, and maybe a few other options. I'll be immersed in the smell of old books and side by side with brainy researchers. It's the first step toward working toward something that has appealed to me since the fourth grade. Will this be my career or will it just lead me to something else? Who knows, but if I didn't take the leap, we'd never ever know. Life is full of chances and I'm about to take a lot of them. 
 Thanks for following me to my new address; I'm so lucky to have you along for the ride. 
 Tell me about some of the chances you've taken. Was there ever a chance that didn't pay off or at least bring you some sort of opportunity or happiness that you may have never realized? 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities  |  Tagged  Ancestry ,  Career ,  Chances ,  Change ,  Freedom ,  Gratitude ,  Happiness ,  History ,  Life ,  Money ,  Opportunity ,  Plans ,  Possibilities ,  postaday ,  Research ,  Support ,  Volunteer  |   8  Replies 
 Moving On and Finding Mae 
 Posted on  June 3, 2012  by   Mae East 
 4 
 I’ve written over the last few months about changing gears. I’ve written somewhat whiney posts about the purpose of life and how to achieve a balance between success and living. The ideas I had a few months back have changed. I no longer have the plan I had set in place, because my gut instinct told me it was the wrong path. Still, I know I’ll find what I need to. I don’t know what the future holds, but I know that if I live life by giving, learning and not conceding to the easy route, that I’ll find the success I need to find professionally, to feed my soul. 
 
 I have so much to be grateful for in my life and I’d really like to amplify that happiness outwardly. I miss giving to others, I miss feeling pride in what I do. Even though I don’t know which path I’ll take, I know that I’ll try the hardest I can along the route. I know that I have the support of my husband and my Mom. I also know that I’ll be judged by people who don’t understand.  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities ,  Mae  |  Tagged  Career ,  Challenge ,  Change ,  Charity ,  Faith ,  Family ,  Friendship ,  Goals ,  Growing Up ,  Happiness ,  Health ,  Honesty ,  Life ,  Love ,  Money ,  Motivation ,  Musings ,  Parents ,  postaday ,  Relationships ,  Self Discovery ,  Self Esteem ,  Stress ,  Success ,  Truth  |   4  Replies 
 “Oh, you have plenty of time” And Other Lies 
 Posted on  May 2, 2012  by   Mae East 
 7 
 I thought I’d be something more successful by now. I’ve mentioned this before but bear with me, I’ve got a different point today. I’m not unsuccessful; I’m just not what I want to be, professionally and maybe a little personally. I’ll be twenty-nine soon, and not that it’s the end of the world and not that I’ll have a little “almost thirty” or “twenty-nine forever” crisis but damn it, I can if I want to. 
 When I was in high school all my teachers from math to gym said I would be the next Katie Couric. That’s when Katie was unstoppable and on the Today Show. That is also when I respected the Today Show and before Kathie Lee had anything to do with it, and before I started to see through major media outlets. I never felt like my supporters were blowing smoke up my rear and I felt like I had such a bright future. I had talent and I had zero fear to stop me from getting where I wanted to be. I also had a psychic who told me I’d work for the BBC. Well, reality took over and I was too levelheaded to take a career with so much risk. Fine, I’m ok with that because it’s not like I tried and didn’t succeed. I just didn’t try. Eck, not much better. 
 I also thought I’d be a mom by now, and more than to just my pug. It’s pretty common for my generation that I’m not one at this age, and most of my friends aren’t moms yet but by the end of the year I’ll have been married five years, so the clock seems a little different to me. I’m not waiting to meet Mr. Right. I already found him. “Oh, you have plenty of time” they say. “Why are you rushing things? There’s so much life ahead of you.” Really? Do these particular people, who are almost everyone, by the way, really believe that there is always plenty of time? Did they not just tell me how fast time goes and how they can’t believe this, that or the other never happened or happened too fast? Don’t lie to me,  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities  |  Tagged  Aging ,  Beauty ,  Blogging ,  Career ,  Change ,  Children ,  Confession ,  Debate ,  Encouragement ,  Family ,  Fear ,  Friendship ,  Future ,  Goals ,  Growing Up ,  Happiness ,  Humor ,  Katie Couric ,  Lies ,  Life ,  Memories ,  Mom ,  Motivation ,  Musings ,  Parents ,  postaday ,  Psychic ,  Random thoughts ,  Rant ,  Relationships ,  Self Discovery ,  Support ,  Time ,  Time Management ,  Today Show ,  Turmoil ,  Writing  |   7  Replies 
 What Did You Want to Be When You Were Five? 
 Posted on  April 27, 2012  by   Mae East 
 3 
 
 The beginning of my short ballet career. 
 Being five was great. Everything in the world was possible and no one laughed at your dreams, well, maybe a little but hopefully more of a giggle than a snide snicker. I wanted to be a hairdresser and also a ballerina. I also wanted six kids, three boys and three girls and have a house like the Brady Bunch. Oddly enough, we eventually moved into a neighborhood with Brady Bunch style ranch houses that I giggle at whenever I see them. 
 My poor Mom used to let me play with her hair relentlessly and I did so in a tutu. My Gram got me a pink tutu for Christmas when I was three and I crammed my skinny but tall figure into that thing for years until the seams finally prevented me from donning the garb. It might have been life’s way of saying, “give up kid, you’re clearly too clumsy to be a ballerina, time to pack this thing away”. I was probably ten. The netting was so incredibly scratchy and nothing about this outfit was soft or comfortable like the ones I see little girls wear today. I’m not bitter, I’m just saying I might have succeeded in a more comfortable tutu. No? Did I stretch the excuse too far? 
 I did take ballet when I was about seven. It lasted for a few months or however long a standard class session is. It was really hard for me because I’m uncoordinated and I had my Dad’s rhythm. I felt like it would be so easy, after all, I’d already mastered all the dance moves from Dirty Dancing in my living room. How hard could a few little ballerina moves be? Apparently hard; for me anyway. The class was tied in with tap dancing and that seemed like a plausible career too because I’d seen Gregory Hines do it on Sesame Street and it looked easy. The only place that wasn’t carpeted in our house was our tiny 10×10 kitchen and since you can’t wear your tap shoes on concrete (or so I was told) so I didn’t get much practice time outside either. 
 I’m not too sure why I never pursued hairstyling except that maybe doing my own hair didn’t turn out too well and that phase just died out. I did dye my own hair and sometimes chop at it during my teenage years, but that was because I couldn’t afford to get it done anywhere but my bathroom. My Mom never stopped me from playing with her hair though because she said it felt nice and I still dance in front of the TV to be goofy. I do more of a high kick strut with a fake cane and top hat as I pass through the living room now. My husband will usually give me a pity snicker and wait for me to move but my parents really get a kick out of it when I visit. It seems the living room will always be my grand stage because I’m embarrassed to dance anywhere else; except at weddings after a few Jameson and cranberries. And no, I don’t want to see the video of it afterwards, even if I look like I have full confidence; that is temporary. 
 What did you want to be? 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities ,  Mae  |  Tagged  Aspirations ,  Ballet ,  Beauty ,  Brady Bunch ,  Career ,  Change ,  Children ,  Dancing ,  Dirty Dancing ,  Dreams ,  Family ,  Goals ,  Gregory Hines ,  Growing Up ,  Happiness ,  Humor ,  Life ,  Memories ,  Motivation ,  Musings ,  Nostalgia ,  postaday ,  Random thoughts ,  Relationships ,  Self Discovery ,  Style ,  Youth  |   3  Replies 
 I Thought I Had It All Figured Out 
 Posted on  April 24, 2012  by   Mae East 
 2 
 There I was, not so long ago; no, it was only last week. It feels like forever only because I was so sure then. I had it all figured out; then, gut instincts kicked in. The direction I was about to go, all of a sudden didn’t feel right. Maybe it’s not the direction, as much as the way I intended to get to the destination. If opportunities sound too good to be true, they probably are. So now what? How can I encapsulate all the directions I want to take my life? Can we have it all? 
 Happiness comes down to knowing what is most important and being grateful for what you have, while not settling for what you don’t. The important part is getting to the place where all these feelings collide and feel real. 
 There is so much more to offer than working 40+ hours per week and paying the bills for things that just keep us mundane. We have covered that in the past, no need to rehash that. How we end up and what we give up in order to live life to the fullest is interesting. What I’m willing to give up seems insane to some people. We are not all made to live the same life, though I want elements of normalcy in the mix. I don’t feel troubled about life as much as hopeful and excited to see what we can make of it. I say “we” because it’s not just about me, it’s about my best friend and husband too; the husband is also my best friend so that makes life a little less complicated. 
 "They" think I’m crazy to give up cable. I say it’s crazy to spend hours in front of the TV watching other people live. I’m willing to work hard for the type of life I want, I just don’t know what it should all consist of yet; writer, historian, mother, student, broadcaster, traveller? It is very easy to say I can do it all, harder to do. 
 Time will either tell or speed by; in the meantime choices will need to be made and I hope a little divine intervention can help my mind along. I don't doubt I will make something of myself, though I am anxious. I just need a little more direction than I ever expected or wanted to admit. 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities  |  Tagged  Aspirations ,  Broadcasting ,  Career ,  Dreams ,  Faith ,  Family ,  Fear ,  Goals ,  Growing Up ,  Gut Instincts ,  History ,  Learning ,  Life ,  Mother ,  Musings ,  Patience ,  Random thoughts ,  Self Discovery ,  Society ,  Time ,  Travel ,  Wife  |   2  Replies 
 Can You Change the World and Have A Family? 
 Posted on  April 1, 2012  by   Mae East 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We visited  Henry Chapman Mercer’s  house in Doylestown, Pennsylvania yesterday. It is likely the most fascinating and eclectic home I’ve ever seen and it would probably take a full month of exploration to take in a majority of the details. Henry was many things, but by trade he owned a tile factory. It was custom work and very detailed, not a subway tile type factory. He was also fascinated by castles and built his own house out of concrete, many pieces of furniture and windows were made of this medium as well. It was a mix of Medieval, Gothic, and Byzantine style, and paid tribute to the five languages he spoke as well as phrases Henry found worthy. He filled in each crevice with designed tile work, art and tapestry which are representative of world history and personal tributes. Unfortunately, we were unable to photograph the interior of the home. 
 Henry was single and never had any children, so his “baby” in a way was his art and his yearning for knowledge and creativity. He was generous, innovative and “green” before that became trendy. Some may have said he was cheap, but I say he was resourceful. After years of travelling the world post-college, he finally achieved his aspiration to live in a castle of his own. He started the project at 51 years old and alongside ten workers, the castle was finished in four years. 
 My husband and I started to contemplate a few things as we stumbled out of the place, overwhelmed and inspired. We wondered if Mercer would have attempted and/or completed such a masterpiece had he had a wife and children.  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities  |  Tagged  Art ,  Awe ,  Beauty ,  Career ,  Change ,  Creative ,  Dreamer ,  Extraordinary ,  Family ,  Famous ,  Fonthill Castle ,  Goals ,  Happiness ,  Henry Mercer ,  History ,  Innovate ,  Journey ,  Life ,  Motivation ,  Musings ,  postaday ,  Self Discovery ,  Success ,  Time Management  |   4  Replies 
 Feminists Are Going to Hate Me 
 Posted on  March 23, 2012  by   Mae East 
 1 
 
 First, let me say, I am not ungrateful, Susan B. Anthony and all the bra burning women out there. I am very aware of what women in history have suffered through and accomplished to allow me to live life freely today. This is not meant to be disrespectful. 
 That being said, where is the middle ground? Sure, I yearn to be more than a grocery shopper and dishwasher but being a good wife is no longer enough. Since women have been allowed to enter the workplace and do as the men do, the option to do so has instead become the expectation. Women today are still expected by many men to keep the house clean, cook and keep order but also to bear children and still work to support the family. When did being a wife and mother stop being enough? Is it because Americans live more lavishly that we can no longer depend on one income, or have we as women pushed for our right to choose so hard that the option to find happiness in being a wife and mother is oudated, unexpected and resented? 
 Of course I am glad I have the opportunity to pursue my dreams and work at any position I choose, but I also get looked down upon by society if I quit being a 50/50 contributor to our household income. I can't tell you how many women I know that basically work to offset child care, because it is expected. How is it beneficial to work full-time to pay someone else to raise your children? If you need to get out of the house and enjoy working, that's one thing but many of them seem perplexed about it themselves. 
 Every family has their reasons and I am certainly in no place to judge how people manage their lives, but there are times that I wish I could stay home and bake my husband a pie, or get all the laundry done before it gets out of control. That is the old fashioned part of me. Being a career woman is a blessing and a curse because it is hard to contribute our best to both sometimes, though I want to. I'm not asking to lay on the couch eating bon-bons. (Did people actually do that anyway?) I suppose I like the romantic concept of being taken care of and having the option to rely soley on a husband, but without guilt because that is so rare these days. Then again, when it comes down to it, who cares what people think? As long as it is not my husband that resents my choices and we find happiness in the way our dynamic works, I think I can be ok. 
 Posted in  365 Possibilities ,  Being Old Fashion Works  |  Tagged  Ambition ,  Career ,  Change ,  Contribute ,  Debate ,  Fairness ,  Family ,  Feminism ,  Goals ,  Happiness ,  History ,  Housewife ,  Life ,  Money ,  Mother ,  Musings ,  Old Fashioned ,  Parents ,  postaday ,  Rights ,  Self Discovery ,  Time Management  |   1  Reply 
 Search 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Hemingway and Van Gogh 
 Souls Carried by Inanimate Objects 
 Are you there God? It's mae, Mae. 
 Running Away = The Best Medicine. This time. 
 Hi friends, it's Mae 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 
 Categories 
 
 [365 Possibilities](https://maeeastblog.wordpress.com/category/365-possibilities/ "This category is my reason to write each day of 2012 - because sometimes life is too hectic to give myself a real chance at success.  This is my attempt to post, even if it's silly nonsense and even if I'm tired, each and every day.  I refuse to lose this challenge I make to myself. 
 
 Lord have mercy on the working (wo)man, though I write each day, my post sometimes find themselves getting posted in the wee hours of the morning, past the midnight deadline.  My day is not over till I've posted, which is quickly followed by hibernating my mind and the computer.") 
 
 Being Old Fashion Works 
 Mae 
 Photography 
 Travel 
 Uncategorized 
 Weekly Photo Challenge 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Feb 
 © Mae East, 2011-2013. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to Mae East with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
