Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Katleen's Daily Digest of job related news in Ireland 
 Job News ,  Jobs in Ireland ,  Jobwatch  / By    Katleen Bonjean  
 Happy Friday! 
 This is the third daily digest of job news in Ireland. If this is the first time you are visiting my blog, I have started a daily digest with references to job news in Ireland, links to where you can apply and other related news that I find interesting. You can find the first one  here , and the one from yesterday  here . It's been quite fun to find the articles. Some are coming from newspaper articles, others I picked up via Twitter or Facebook. I also have a Google alert set up that contains words related to jobs, employment, so the below is the result of all those various searches and alerts. Going forward, I'll start doing a weekly digest, as I would like to continue interviewing small business in the West of Ireland, I have few interesting companies lined up! To check the previous companies I interviewed, click  here . If you'd like to get interviewed, please connect with me on  Facebook ,  Twitter  or good old fashioned email katleen(at)workinglivingtravellinginireland.com 
 Galway medtech firm Atlantic Therapeutics raises €15m  : Atlantic Therapeutics has raised €15m in funding through Seroba Life Sciences and Earlybird Venture Capital, as well as loan capital from Silicon Valley Bank. - by Gordon Hunt - Tags: galway news, jobnews, new business galway -  https://www.siliconrepublic.com/start-ups/atlantic-therapeutics-raises-e15m 
 Chopped is coming to Galway and we’re freaking out  : Dublin has had a serious love affair with Chopped for a while. Their food is healthy but still, somehow, seriously delicious. And now we’re getting one of our own in Galway! If the buzz around Dublin’s Chopped is anything to go by, Galway will quickly be obsessed. - Tags: new business galway -  http://thisisgalway.ie/chopped-coming-galway-freaking/ 
 Agri jobs: farm assistant in New Zealand and herdsperson in Meath  : A farm in Waikato, New Zealand, that milks 600 cows and is run by an Irish sharemilker has an opening for a farm assistant. To apply, send your CV to epomahony88@gmail.com. A farm worker is needed for a 340-cow dairy herd with spring calving in Co Tipperary. - by Amy McShane - Tags: jobnews -  http://www.farmersjournal.ie/agri-jobs-farm-assistant-in-new-zealand-and-herdsperson-in-meath-259644 
 Deadline Couriers create 80 new jobs for Dublin General, news for Ireland, Employment,Ireland,  : Irish transport and delivery company, Deadline Couriers has today announced the expansion of their business and the creation of 80 new jobs within the next two years in their Dublin headquarters. The expansion will bring the company’s Irish workforce from 35 to over 120 by 2019. - by Robert McHugh - Tags: jobnews -  https://www.businessworld.ie/news/Deadline-Couriers-create-80-new-jobs-for-Dublin-567674.html 
 New SAS Ireland airline announces 40 jobs Ireland, news for Ireland, Ireland,  : The Irish Independent has today reported a new Irish unit is being established by Scandinavian airline, SAS which is expected to employ 40 people in Dublin by the end of the year. - by Robert McHugh - Tags: jobnews -  https://www.businessworld.ie/news-from-ireland/New-SAS-Ireland-airline-announces-40-jobs-567683.html 
 Petition for Athenry to Sligo Greenway  : Close to 1,600 people have signed an online petition calling for a greenway to be created along the disused railway line between Athenry and Collooney in Sligo. The railway line has been closed for over 40 years and is currently in disrepair. - Tags: galway news -  http://www.galwayindependent.com/news/topics/articles/2017/03/01/4135775-petition-for-athenry-to-sligo-greenway/ 
 The Office of Public Works  : The Office of Public Works is recruiting Seasonal Guides/Information Officers. Please note that offers of temporary employment will only be made to successful candidates on foot of this competition. - Tags: galway jobs -  http://www.opw.ie/en/latestnews/articleheading,37473,en.html 
 New Frontiers Applications  : Am I Eligible? Who Should Apply? The New Frontiers Entrepreneur Development Programme is targeted at entrepreneurs and early stage start-up companies located across the region. The programme is open to applications from a diversity of sectors including but not limited to: -  http://www.gmit.ie/innovation-hubs/new-frontiers-applications 
 eir to hire up to 50 new apprentices as telecoms firm continues nationwide broadband rollout  : Up to 50 new apprentice jobs are being created at eir as it continues to rollout its broadband network nationwide. Ireland's largest telecommunications firm is looking to strengthen its workforce as part of its strategic investment plan here. - Tags: jobnews -  http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/eir-to-hire-up-to-50-new-apprentices-as-telecoms-firm-continues-nationwide-broadband-rollout-35495615.html 
 Galway gets European green city status  : Galway has been formally designated as a European Green Leaf city. The environmental designation is awarded in recognition of the city's efforts to promote sustainable policies, encourage green growth and develop awareness. - Tags: galway news -  http://www.rte.ie/news/ireland/2017/0301/856510-galway-european-green-leaf/ 
 Greetings from Galway, 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,444 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
