Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Receptionist (PT) (PT) 
 Sifton Properties 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Receptionist is responsible for receiving and directing visitors and inquiries, relaying and coordinating resident and staff messages. 
 This position is 20 hours bi-weekly including some weekends. Shifts are 4:30-8:30pm. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources. 
 Date Posted:  October 23, 2019. 
Internal candidates please apply by October 30, 2019. 
 Responsibilities Include: 
 
 Answer telephone, greet visitors, receive routine inquiries in person and by phone, relaying calls and messages to the appropriate personnel. 
 Interact with and respond to inquiries of residents and visitors, re-direct as necessary. 
 Receive incoming mail, co-ordinate distribution, and process outgoing mail. 
 Administer and account for miscellaneous resident charges and cash 
 Process admissions, discharges, temporary absences, etc. on required forms and lists 
 Receive and process payment from residents as well as charges to guest or resident accounts; receive and process funds for visitor meals 
 Complete data entry, typing and other administrative tasks as required 
 
 Experience & Qualifications: 
 
 Excellent communication, interpersonal and customer service skills, with ability to work in a manner that will maintain the spirit, dignity and individuality of each resident and work cooperatively with other staff members. 
 Detail oriented, with accurate data entry skills. 
 Proven ability to manage multiple priorities and interruptions effectively. 
 Previous related experience in a similar setting preferred. 
 Grade 12 or equivalent general education. 
 Sound computer expertise including Microsoft Office. 
 Must be available to work early evenings, and weekends, as required to meet operational needs. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
