WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 Q&A 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement Q&A 
 
 Home 
 Career 
 Career Path: Where Does Your Future Lie? 
 
 
 Career Path: Where Does Your Future Lie? 
 One thing you'll find as you talk to professionals about how they got where they are is that no two career paths are the same. Some people started with one company after college and stayed. Others have moved companies, towns and even industries as a way to nurture their passions and learn new skills. Some people will tell you that they fell into the job they have and kept climbing the ladder. Others will share a story of how they have made intentional moves from the beginning to create a career path that most accurately reflects their skills, interests and ambitions. 
 No way is right -- or wrong. But the important thing to remember about your career path is that it is uniquely yours. And that means that you can create it to be whatever you want. If you're happy with how your  career  is going – you are regularly being offered challenging assignments and you feel as though you are constantly growing and developing -- then you are probably in the right place. 
 But if you feel as though there is more out there that you are missing, it may be time to investigate other options and take control. 
 Things to Consider When Choosing Your Career Path 
 What did you study?  This is what most people consider the No. 1 factor, and while it's important, it might not be the right question. A better question is: What are you good at? There are many people who went to school to study engineering but are also good at sales. Combining the two can create a unique and fulfilling career path. What if you're a lawyer who's good at writing? (Is there such a thing? Just kidding!) That journalistic lawyer can create an innovative niche writing for law publications, or even just translating legal jargon for everyone else. 
 What are your passions?  If your passion is your work, you are truly lucky. However, if you are not so lucky, you can always work on your luck. Accept that there will sometimes be trade-offs and be creative with your options. For example, if you are interested in animals, a position with the Humane Society in your town might be a great choice. But perhaps there are no positions available at an income level you want. Your might decide that the intrinsic benefits are worth a pay cut, or you might decide that you can take your love of animals to another type of job. Deciding what your passion is, and what related companies or professions align with your skills can get you closer to a fulfilling job. Alternatively, you can decide that your goal is to make ample money so that you can enjoy your weekends to their fullest. That can be a good decision too. Choosing a job you don't love but that affords you the  lifestyle  you love can fulfill your passions in a different way. 
 Where are you now?  You have to honestly assess where you are now, and where you want to be. It might seem as though making a career change is wiser the younger you are, but that's not necessarily the case. A seasoned professional who is good at managing can take that skill out of an environment or industry she doesn't like and parlay it into a position at a more growth-oriented or flexible company or industry. The key is focusing on your transferable skills and conducting adequate research to be able to articulate the value you bring. 
 Does your dream job exist?  Some of the most fulfilled and successful people have determined that they have a grand idea, or an innovative product and that the only way to have a successful career path is to do their own thing. Sometimes being master of your destiny means that you work for yourself, with all the ups and downs that come with being an  entrepreneur . Your have all the risks -- and all the rewards. But maybe you don’t want to create your own company or job -- often being a consultant can be the perfect custom job. If you have an expertise that others are willing to pay for, creating a consultancy can be a rewarding way to use your skills while ensuring maximum flexibility and variety. Even if you are happy where you are currently working, there could be a way to parlay your unique skills into a position that management didn't even know was needed -- until you told them! (See the  Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air .) 
 You know the phrase, "You can't get there if you don't know where you're going?" It's very applicable to career paths. By spending time to identify what skills and interests you have, and how they dovetail with a particular industry that interests you, you can take deliberate steps to carve out a career path that will be challenging, fulfilling -- and lead to success. 
 Articles on career path: 
 
 Using Your Passions to Stand Out from the Crowd 
 Myers-Briggs Type Indicator as a Tool in Your Career Search 
 What is the Difference Between Career and Vocation? 
 What’s the Deal with Career Indicator Tests? 
 Relocating for Your Career — When Moving Early in Your Career Makes Sense 
 Exit Plans: How to Make Sure You Don’t Forget Anything If Your First Job is The Wrong Fit 
 Identify Your Values for a Non-Profit Career 
 
 Articles on career planning: 
 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan? 
 Helping to Define Your Next Job 
 Who Are You, Anyway? — Tips on How to Build a Fulfilling Career 
 How Long Is Long Term? 
 Career Planning: Preparing for Your Next Job Loss for Peace of Mind 
 A Good Exit Plan and Why You Need One 
 Having a Larger Goal Gives You Freedom 
 
 Articles on career change : 
 
 Career Change Insights: Four Tips for Making a Switch 
 Looking to Change Career? Emphasize Your Transferable Skills 
 Considering a Career Change? Prepare Before You Leap 
 Want to Change Career? What Does It Take? 
 
 Articles on creating a custom position: 
 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air (Part 1): How Are Jobs Normally Created? 
 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air (Part 2): Establishing the Compelling Organizational Need 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air (Part 3): Describing How Value Would Be Provided 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air (Part 4): Others Affected by the Job 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air (Part 5): Stakeholders and Gatekeepers 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air (Part 6): Courage, Follow-Through, and Accountability 
 
 
 
 Articles on finding the right job: 
 
 Are You in the Right Profession? 
 How to Discover Your True Passion 
 Careers for People Who Really Want to Make a Positive Impact on the World 
 What if You Don’t Love Your Job? — Tips on Finding Your Dream Job 
 Choosing a Career: The Worst Career You Could Possibly Have 
 Finding the JOB you LOVE 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Current  [email protected]  * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Career Center 
 
 Career 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles About Career 
 
 What the Heck Is a Career Plan? 
 How Long Is Long Term? 
 Series on Creating a Custom Job Out of Thin Air 
 Career Change Insights: Four Tips for Making a Switch 
 Three Tips for Career Advancement that People Often Ignore 
 Ten Ways to Get a Promotion 
 How to Build a Personal Brand Inside a Company 
 Overnight Tips to Be More Presentable at Work 
 What Your Boss’ Political Capital Has to Do with Job Security and Career Advancement 
 Individual Performer Versus Leadership: Interviewing for the Next Level 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
