  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Burscough, Ormskirk 
 Rate:  £16.75 per hour 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Registered General Nurse 
 An outstanding job opportunity has arisen for a committed RGN to work in an exceptional nursing home based in the Burscough, Ormskirk area. 
 As a Nurse you will be working for one of UK's leading health care providers 
 The nursing home is a superb refurbished building situated on a corner plot enjoying views over picturesque scenery, as well as providing more than ample car parking space. 
 The service is truly a home for life due to being dual registered home catering for service users with both residential and nursing needs 
 As a Nurse your key responsibilities include: 
 
 
     Leading, supervising and training the care team
 
 
 
     General Nursing duties-Wound care/general observation /blood sugar level observation /liaising with other healthcare professionals to give the best care.
 
 
 
     Being responsible for ordering, storing and administering medication
 
 
 
     Keeping precise, up to date records
 
 
 
     Maintaining the Client's dignity and respect at all times
 
 
 
 An ideal Nurse must have these skills as they are beneficial for this position: 
 
 
     To ensure the promotion of high standards of nursing care, by ensuring all staff is supervised appropriately and the shift runs in a smooth and efficient manner.
 
 
 
     You will perform all general nursing duties, following CQC and NMC guidelines, and report to the home manager, update care plans and administer safe medication.
 
 
 
     You will provide a high standard of care and work within a team as well as on your own initiative.
 
 
 
     You will be dependable, able to work well under pressure and flexible to meet the needs of the residents and the home.
 
 
 
     You must have excellent communication and written skills and have previous experience working within a nursing home or elderly care setting.
 
 
 
 **The successful Nurse will receive an excellent salary of £16.75 per hour. 
 We currently have vacancies for both Full Time and Part Time shifts available to work throughout Night shifts. 
 In return for your hard work and commitment you will receive the following generous benefits:** 
 
 Comprehensive induction and on-going training 
 Career development opportunities 
 Excellent work environment 
 Free parking on site 
 Free uniform 
 5.6 weeks of paid annual leave 
 
 To be considered for this position you must be qualified as an RGN with a valid NMC Pin 
 Reference ID: 3619 
 To apply for this fantastic job role, please call Peter Fit on 0121 638 0567 or send your CV to contact@jupiterrecruitment.co.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £16.75 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Burscough, Ormskirk 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 
 Contact:  Peter Fit 
 
 
 Tel:  0121 638 0567 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  3619 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-17 15:20:53 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 Support Worker 
 Support Worker 
 Support Worker 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Nurse for Learning Disabilities 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Deputy Ward Manager 
 Ward Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Deputy Manager 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Peripatetic Manager 
 Psychologist 
 Registered Clinical/Forensic Psychologist 
 Psychologist 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
