Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Revenue Governance & Control 
 CIBC Mellon 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Information: 
CIBC Mellon is a leading provider of asset servicing solutions to institutional investors in Canada, including multi-currency accounting, fund valuation, and investment information reporting. We are passionate about providing exceptional client service backed by our culture of innovation and success. Our outstanding employee experience will provide you with opportunities to learn and grow professionally while supporting the communities in which you live and work. 
 We are a diverse and dynamic workplace where employees take an active role in delivering on strategic objectives while advancing their individual career goals. We encourage innovative thinking and give our employees the support and resources they need to turn great ideas into actions. 
 We’re always looking for talented people who can make a meaningful difference for our clients, our company and our communities. To learn more about why our employees love coming to work each day, visit www.cibcmellon.com/experience. 
 Position Overview: 
The Manager, Revenue Governance is responsible for managing day-to-day revenue governance to ensure client satisfaction, a consistent client experience and billing operational efficiency/control, also works to achieve a reduction of risks/losses in related functions. Revenue Governance includes creating and issuing indicative client fee schedules to Business Development and Relationship Management by utilizing discretion and sensitivity, implementing fee schedules with other groups within Finance, conducting monthly analysis on selected clients to identify revenue and invoicing accuracy, working directly with client contacts on accounts receivable collections, etc. 
 Liaises with Business Development and Relationship Management, Client On-boarding Directors, and other business unit departments to ensure seamless and timely implementation of client fee schedules in line with departmental processes. 
 Responsibilities: 
Functional Review 
 
 Acts as the point contact between Sales, Relationship Managers, , internal departments and clients on all fee related issues and queries 
 Conducts revenue and billinganalysis to identify revenue generating opportunities on new and existing products and services 
 Works with Sales, Service Directors, Account Managers and Client Onboarding Directors to implement fee schedules timely and accurately 
 Collaborates with senior members of Finance teams on revenue analysis and revenue recoup plans 
 Works with Product department upon launch of new client product/service to reflect applicable rate in fee schedule template and ensures templates are up to date 
 Partners with applicable operational departments to ensure that services resulting from a new product offering flow through the internal billing system as a chargeable service to the client 
 Engages senior contacts with client to collect on aged receivables 
 Tracks, monitors, co-ordinates and reports out on fee related activity including accounts receivable, orphaned accounts, etc. 
 
 Client Servicing 
 
 Works with Sales, Relationship Managers, Client Onboarding Directors, Legal and other internal departments, SLAs and reporting requirements relating to billing. 
 Responds to escalated client inquiries, resolves problems, manages billing administrative/ revenue operational issues and regularly monitors accounts to ensure client satisfaction and adherence to service level standards. 
 Works directly with clients on invoice issues. Advocates for the client and seeks resolution with appropriate internal parties 
 
 Audit Standards & Risk Control 
 
 Maintains understanding of services and the client’s business profile as it relates to the team’s accountabilities to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements and corporate policies and procedures. 
 Acts as gatekeeper for fee schedule templates and the client fee schedule repository utilizing discretion and confidentiality 
 Minimizes risk and operational losses by reviewing policies and procedures to ensure that critical controls are in place. 
 
 Projects 
 
 Participates in department related projects as needed 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 University degree or equivalent education with a concentration in business, finance or accounting 
 3-5 years’ progressive experience in financial services operations or client facing roles 
 Demonstrated client service experience 
 Canadian Securities Course, Trust & Custody Services; CPBI courses an asset 
 Strong MS Office software skills; demonstrated proficiency in Word, Excel etc. - Organized, detail oriented, analytical 
 Strong problem solving skills 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Ability to multi-task & meet deadlines 
 Adaptability to a changing environment 
 
 CIBC Mellon 's Values: 
 Get it Right Every Day:  Deliver service excellence while always acting with the highest ethical standards 
 Put Clients at the Centre:  Advocate for clients by listening, sharing knowledge, and bringing the right solutions forward 
 Be One Family:  Challenge, empower and recognize your colleagues 
 Take Ownership:  Speak up, speak out, and make things better 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
