Skip to Content 
 
 Getting Started 
 
 Interviews 
 
 
 How-tos 
 Career Paths 
 
 Freelance 
 Creative Careers 
 Selling Online 
 
 
 Desk & Decor 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 ](http://worksion.com "Worksion") 
 Forget Your Career Plan: Say Yes to Next Steps 
 Posted on Last updated: January 11, 2021 By: Author  Selena Marc 
 Categories  Finding a Career 
 "Well, first, I need to make a plan," said every single person in this world who wanted to take on a scary endeavor. 
 
 And I get it: plans are safe. 
 
 This post may have affiliate links, meaning we earn a small commission on purchases through the links (at no extra cost to you). This does not change our opinion but does help support the site. Thank you! 
 
 Plans help us feel useful. They help us check things off our list. They help us know that we are doing something. 
 But what if your plan is just your looks-good-on-paper way of procrastinating? 
 What if you threw your plan out the window? 
 
 What if, instead of waiting for the right time, you started right now. Today. 
 {No, not like hypothetically. Like really today. I want you to actually start the day you read this post.} 
 That doesn't mean you have to quit your job or sell your house or go live in a van today. 
 But it does mean that you have to do something. Anything. Anything at all. To just get started. 
 I always ask my clients, "What's the very first next step?" 
 
 Note: very first next step. I don 't ask, "What are all the steps you need to do ever?" because that isn't helpful. This type of planning is futile because the steps change as you start down your path. 
 You might realize that you need a different pair of shoes or that you'd rather hike in a completely different park or that you're hungry and need to take a break or that trail-running is your jam because hiking is so sllooooow. Whatever the case may be, if you plan out the entire journey step-by-painstaking-step, you don't even allow yourself the opportunity to see and then follow that one crazy butterfly just because you love its colors. 
 We are really so good at planning, and the internet doesn't help. How often do you get stalled in the research phase? I loooove researching new projects. What I don't love as much is implementing. 
 Because the implementing takes courage. And effort. And chutzpah. 
 The chutzpah to believe that you might actually be on to something. 
 
 That it might actually work. 
 That you might actually have a winning idea. 
 It's much easier to spend all of our time on pinterest gathering inspiration, isn't it? 
 Except, don't forget: Unless you're on staff there, Pinterest isn't paying your bills. Pinterest isn't going to be The Thing that is your tipping point. Yes, it's a tool. So use it as such. Use all of the internet as such. 
 Yes, eventually, you might want to have a plan, a spreadsheet with numbers and deliverables and not-to-miss dates, but we all think we need that to start.  **We don 't. Promise. We really don't. ** 
 So, just get moving. Find that very first next step and take it. Today. 
 Yes, it might be uncomfortable and scary and feel really big. You might feel crazy for thinking it might work. You might say, "but nobody is going to understand it." So what? Do it anyway? 
 {You might just thank me tomorrow.} 
 
 Tiffany Han, CPCC received her training as a Certified Professional Co-Active Coach from the prestigious Coaches Training Institute. With a degree in Psychology from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a background in non-profit fundraising and outreach, Tiffany brings an abundant array of academic, professional and personal experiences to her life and business coaching practice. Tiffany lives with her husband, Tim, and their twin daughters in the Bay Area. Visit her website at  tiffanyhan.com 
 Read more: 
 
 How I Used My Maternity Leave To Start My Business 
 How to Take Teeny Baby Steps Toward Your Biggest Dreams 
 5 First Steps to Finding A Career You Love 
 Why Is It So Hard to Find a Job? (And 3 Tips to Help) 
 
 
  5 Steps to Prepare for Freelancing Success ← Read Last Post     How to Take Teeny Baby Steps Toward Your Biggest Dreams Read Next Post →  
 Comments are closed. 
 
 
 
 You might also like 
 
 Why Is It So Hard to Find a Job? (And 3 Tips to Help) 
 Soul Searching and Your Career: How to Find Alignment 
 How I Used My Maternity Leave To Start My Business 
 9 Best Part-Time Work-From-Home Jobs 
 
 Affiliate Notice 
 Worksion participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive and we thank you for the support. 
 Worksion.com is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Important Links 
 
 DMCA & Content Policy 
 Home 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going 
 Leaving a Job for a Better Opportunity? What to Say in Your Resume & Interviews 
 Understanding the 5Ps of Marketing: Definition and Examples 
 What to Do When You Feel Underappreciated at Work 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worksion |  The Wisteria  on  Trellis Framework  by  Mediavine 
