Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Designer, Digital Experience 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As the Senior Designer on our Digital Experience team, you will impact our business by leading the work to tell compelling stories and create engaging experiences to support marketing efforts across the Loblaw enterprise. This includes our standalone brand websites such as PresidentsChoice.ca and others, as well as brand marketing campaigns and microsites to support our grocery network, Shoppers Drug Mart, and others. You’ll contribute your customer focused and collaborative mindset along with being data-informed and outcomes-focused. 
What you'll do 
Create compelling marketing content experiences that are attuned to our customers’ needs and to serve as top-of-funnel to drive conversion to our e-commerce and retail businesses by: 
Playing a critical role in end-to-end campaign management from ideation to execution to ensure that your part of the overall experience is congruous with other components of the overall campaign. 
Leading workshops and collaborate with different marketing teams to facilitate discussions to help colleagues reach a shared understanding of problems and opportunities, success metrics, and foster a customer-centric approach to our branding, marketing, and communications work. 
Scope of responsibility 
Responsible for creating all required design artifacts for front-end developers to implement. 
 Use and contribute to our pattern library:  we’re building up a pattern library that will form the basis of a design system, and you’ll be expected to contribute leadership and expertise towards that endeavour. 
Design and conduct concept and usability tests on your design ideas, as well as use the findings to refine your ideas. 
Plan and manage your own multiple, concurrent design projects from start to finish in collaboration with your broader project team. 
Mentor and support other designers across our design teams. 
Does this Sound like you? 
Be customer-focused – We measure our success in terms of our customers’ satisfaction and delight with every part of the experience we offer. As a designer, your experience affords you a point of view on what great experiences might look like through different customer lenses and how to test your ideas. We serve all Canadians, and their needs are not homogeneous; your challenge is to find ways to understand and meet those needs. 
Be collaborative – You value everyone’s perspectives – customers, your colleagues – and one of your most powerful design skills is facilitation to help everyone on your team understand the full context of a problem, opportunity, or solution and come to a shared understanding. 
Be outcomes-focused – At Loblaw Digital, customer and business outcomes are everyone’s responsibility. You’re a systems thinker who can think beyond screen design to understand how our customers’ and our business’ broader context inter-connect and influence user experience design decisions. 
Be hypothesis driven – You love the problem, not your solutions. Your design practice is grounded in the acknowledgement that every solution is a hypothesis built on assumptions and that those hypotheses and assumptions need to be tested and validated. 
Be data-informed – Be conversant with brand, marketing, and communications metrics and to use those metrics to frame up your projects 
Be self-managed – You understand the design process well enough to be able to proactively plan and scope your work effort in order to collaborate with the team lead, UI designer, and developers to sequence your work. 
 Your portfolio should include case studies that demonstrate: 
Your ability to frame problems and opportunities to address the customer or business 
Your approaches to problem solving and managing / balancing conflicting stakeholder needs as well as complex business operational needs and constraints 
The key performance indicators you used to measure the effectiveness of your solutions 
Your ability to use design as a tool to uncover what questions to ask, what solutions to explore, and how to define and measure success 
Experience in designing at scale within an enterprise setting 
Experience in working in a cross-functional team environment with other designers and multiple stakeholders 
Experience working with data in collaboration with analysts to query web analytics data. 
An exceptional grasp of visual design in a digital context 
 Interaction design:  you have a grasp of the interplay among words, visuals, space, time, and behaviours of digital user interfaces. 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
