  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  City of Preston, England 
 Rate:  Up to £18270 per annum + OTE £23K + Pension + Bonus 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Trainee Recruitment Consultant 
 Service Care Solutions are looking for a Recruitment Consultant to work in our busy, vibrant Head Office. 
 SCS are a privately owned Recruitment Agency based in the centre of Preston. 
 We specialise in eight different sectors, providing temporary and permanent staff to various organisations nationwide. 
 We supply staff to NHS trusts, local authorities and various other clients across the UK. 
 If you are sales driven looking for a recruitment role, you could be the ideal candidate to join the Service Care team. 
 Recruitment experience is not necessary but it's essential that you have plenty of competitive spirit, with a willingness to learn new skills and the ability to communicate with people at all levels. 
 We'll also expect you to have great customer services skills, administration skills and the ability to work under pressure. 
 If you enjoy the pressure of a target driven environment, want to earn recruitment commission and receive rewards, this could be the role for you. 
 The role of a Recruitment Consultant involves: 
 , Building relationships with clients and candidates through speculative calls, aftercare and service calls 
, Working towards realistic daily and monthly targets 
, Matching candidates to roles currently open using a thorough resourcing process, writing and posting job adverts and networking internally and externally with clients 
 The ideal candidate: 
 , Competitive sales driven with a strong desire to succeed 
, Attention to detail, compliance is vital to the role 
, Confident and enthusiastic communicator 
, Excellent administration skills 
, Brings energy to the team 
, Is resilient, self-motivated and has the ability to work under pressure. 
 In return we offer: 
 , Excellent training and career progression 
, Quarterly and Annual Awards Ceremonies 
, Annual Bonus 
, On target earnings, uncapped commission 
, Regular free lunches 
, 29 days annual leave inclusive of Bank Holidays (increasing by 1 day each year of service up to 34 days) 
, Monthly wellbeing coaching sessions 
 This is a full 360-degree recruitment role and you will take responsibility for your own desk from the outset. 
 You will have complete autonomy of your own geographical market within a sector that you will give you a fantastic opportunity to maintain and develop further. 
 You will receive a structured 4-week training programme, which will give the necessary skills to begin your career within SCS and continuous support through monthly reviews and appraisals throughout your career. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £18270 per annum + OTE £23K + Pension + Bonus 
 
 
 Location:  City of Preston, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Recruitment 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208956 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-30 15:54:13 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
