Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 5 Tips to Jumpstart Your Digital Marketing Career 
 __ Mar 23 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 Digital marketing is the perfect career for those who thrive in a fast-paced, results-oriented environment. And it certainly doesn’t hurt that the average  base pay is $67,230  according to Glassdoor. 
 But since there isn’t a barrier to entry, those looking to  start a career  in marketing are facing some tremendous odds. 
 Here are five tips you can use to help jumpstart your digital marketing career. 
 1) Network 
 No one, no matter the industry, begins a successful career alone. It always helps to have connections and contacts that can put in a good word for you or slip your resume to the right person. 
 Therefore, one of the best ways to jumpstart your digital marketing career is through networking. 
 In fact, networking is so powerful that  85 percent  of all positions are filled through networking of some sort. 
 Reach out to industry professionals via LinkedIn or start attending local events. Most industries hold special networking events, so look out for some in your area. 
 You may also want to reach out to recruiting firms. There are plenty of great  online digital marketing recruitment  firms that can match you with the perfect employer. 
 2) Have an Open Mind 
 When entering a new field, especially one as competitive as digital marketing, it’s important to keep an open mind. 
 You’re probably not going to land that marketing gig at Apple right off the bat. There’s no shame in working with smaller or local businesses to get your feet wet. 
 Search for businesses in your area that may need some help with their digital marketing. 
 Every bit of experience you get makes you a stronger marketer. The important thing is that you land a gig and start learning. 
 3) Read Everything 
 Thanks to the internet, you have a bigger advantage than marketers in any other era. You have instant access to terabytes of information on digital marketing, so take advantage of this wonderful opportunity. 
 While there are tons of great books on digital marketing, the field moves so fast that they quickly become outdated. 
 Find some blogs and websites you trust and read their content on a regular basis. 
 4) Be Your Own Client 
 If you’re looking to beef up your resume and improve your skills at the same time, you can start immediately by creating your own campaigns. 
 Set out to work on your own personal branding by using the tools and websites you’d use in the workplace on your own personal brand. 
 You’ll gain relevant job experience, you won’t have to spend anything, and it’s a great way to drum up some publicity for yourself. 
 5) Learn From The Experts 
 Submerge yourself in the digital marketing world by choosing a few current ad campaigns to follow. 
 It can be something interesting you see on Snapchat, a paid Facebook ad or an email marketing newsletter. 
 Pay attention to what the experts do, then turn around and incorporate these tools into your own work. 
 Start Your Digital Marketing Career With These Tips 
 It can be tough to find your start in the marketing world, but be sure to keep these tips in mind. You’ll soon become a more renowned, well-rounded marketing expert that companies are begging to hire. 
 Looking for more great career info? Be sure to follow the Working Home Guide  career blog  to learn more great strategies for finding the perfect career. 
 Posted in  Career 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
