  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Middlesbrough, England 
 Rate:  £16.83 - £19.74 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Occupational Health Nurse (Police) 
 Service Care Solutions are looking for an experienced Occupational Health Nurse to cover a Policing contract in the Cleveland area. 
 The main responsibility of this role is to support the Wellbeing (OH Team) in the provision of a professional and proactive service on all matters relating to health and wellbeing and ensuring prospective and current employees are able to perform their duties. 
This includes the provision of professional advice to line managers and Service Units on Occupational Health and other health related matters in accordance with any relevant legislation with a focus on intervention and prevention. 
 Main duties: 
 Efficiently and effectively manage and schedule own caseload and support the wider team to meet required timescales , deadlines and agreed Service levels to provide an efficient service within a multidisciplinary team while developing specialist programs of care. 
 Ensure that agreed processes, standards, timescales, Quality Requirements are adhered to, including adherence to force policies and procedures, health and safety regulations and any relevant legislation, and professional codes of practice. 
 Triage absence information and conduct follow up appointments as appropriate, working with the Wellbeing team to triage, run clinics and sign post efficiently 
 Undertake OH assessments of clients referred to Wellbeing (OH) to provide advice to line managers 
and service units regarding fitness for work and other health related issues. 
 Develop and support a programme of health promotion initiatives for the client 
 Provide effective sickness absence advice, support managers with attendance management issues, 
managing short and long term sickness issues and monitor the sickness management process in 
conjunction with the Employee Relations team. 
 Support the ongoing Psychological risk assessment program for the force as part of a regular 
Screening programme, and as a result of referral. 
 Undertake health surveillance for the force depending on the risk assessments relevant to their role. 
 Undertake pre-employment screening and provide advice including pre-employment drug testing, 
audiometry and spirometry testing. 
 Necessary Experience: 
 Experience of health screening and OH assessments 
 Experience in health surveillance activities 
 Experience of using word processing applications/spreadsheet/ updating and maintenance of electronic record systems. 
 Creation / support to new policies/ working practices / service improvement programmes 
 Experience of working on own initiative and autonomously, to meet tight deadlines/ service level agreements making effective and independent decisions 
 Experience in writing OH reports with recommendations (pre-employment and sickness management) 
 Applicants must have access to their own vehicle. 
 If you wish to apply, or if you have any questions, please call Martin Cookson on 01772 208962. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months + 
 
 
 Rate:  £16.83 - £19.74 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Middlesbrough, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-27 14:31:03 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Team Manager 
 SEND Caseworker 
 Labourer 
 Young People’s Homelessness Worker 
 Cook 
 Intelligence Analyst 
 Cleaner 
 Healthcare Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Service Desk Manager  
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Practitioner 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Contracts Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Multi Trade  
 Property Surveyor  
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor  
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
