Skip to content 
 
 Workthoughts 
 Join the conversation on workplace and career 
 Primary Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Workthoughts 
 
 The week@work: terror on the way to work, a factory fire anniversary, values-based leadership@Starbucks, a millennial workplace, & a new job benefit 
 March 27, 2016 Eileen Kohan 
 How do you share work thoughts when so many were killed and injured on their way to work on Tuesday morning? Apparently, we go on. I have to agree with the sentiment expressed by writer  Pamela Druckerman  in today's New York Times  'Je Suis Sick of This' . 
 " To Europeans, Brussels was supposed to be a dull place that you didn’t have to think much about until you had to change planes there. There’s a parlor game in which you stump people by asking them to name 10 famous Belgians. “Brussels, the anti-fanatic attacked by the fanatics,” French journalist Laurent Joffrin wrote in Wednesday’s Libération. “Brussels, a cousin whom one is content to know is there.” 
 Right after an attack it’s easy to say that everything feels different. People are horrified. Parents keep their kids home from school. Newspapers run headlines like “Europe at War.” There is the sad, familiar search for a slogan: This time, I prefer the Belgian frites arranged to make a rude gesture resembling a finger, and the banner reading, “Je suis sick of this” followed by an expletive. " 
 We don't stop working. Maybe we are a bit more vigilant, the slogan 'If you see something, say something', temporarily gets more attention. 
 Journalist Druckerman continued,  " Despite the inevitable false positives, it’s hard not to be on guard. I’m constantly making a series of mundane existential calculations: Is it worth it to risk going to a movie? Should I let my kids ride the metro to soccer practice? Daily life has a chiaroscuro quality: One minute you’re riding a bus and enjoying a view of the river; the next you’re wondering about the fellow with an unusually large backpack." 
 There were other stories this week@work. 
 Friday was the 105th anniversary of the  Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire . It resonates with workers today because it was a story of immigrant workers, and led to changes in U.S. factory regulations and safety. 
 Joseph Berger summarized the events in a 2011  article . 
 " A block east of Washington Square, not far from the neighborhood’s boutiques and chic restaurants, was the site of one of the nation’s worst industrial disasters. Many New Yorkers might be unaware of this. 
 Some labor advocates are trying hard to change that. They have organized an effort to build a memorial to the infamous Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire of 1911, in which 146 workers died. Most of them were young immigrant women from Eastern Europe and Italy, and more than 50 jumped to their deaths from the factory’s ninth floor. 
 Two years ago,  Tom Marshall   posed  the question, _" Can disasters make life better for future generations?" _ He went on to draw a parallel between the Triangle Shirtwaist factory fire and the  2013 garment factory collapse in Dhaka, Bangladesh . 
 " In both cases, inspectors visited and filed critical safety reports, but scores of people still died while making clothes for others. The American disaster is now hailed as a turning point that led to safer workplaces and broad support for a minimum standard of workers’ rights, while the Bangladeshi disaster’s impact is less certain." 
 This week@work Starbucks chairman and CEO, Howard Schultz  spoke  at the annual shareholders meeting, and expanded on a conversation begun two years ago on the role and responsibility of a for-profit corporation.  “What is the role and responsibility of all of us, as citizens?” 
 " Viewing the American Dream as a “reservoir” that is replenished with the values, work ethic and integrity of the American people, Schultz said, “Sadly, our reservoir is running dry, depleted by cynicism, despair, division, exclusion, fear and indifference.” 
 He suggested citizens fill the reservoir of the American Dream back up, “not with cynicism, but with optimism. Not with despair, but with possibility. Not with division, but with unity. Not with exclusion, but with inclusion. Not with fear, but with compassion. Not with indifference, but with love.” 
 “It’s not about the choice we make every four years,” Schultz said. “This is about the choices we make every day.” 
 One of the 'most read' articles last week,  'What Happens When Millennials Run the Workplace?' , provided one more illustration that work issues are people issues, and it really doesn't matter how you generationally identify. 
 " Joel Pavelski, 27, isn’t the first person who has lied to his boss to scam some time off work. 
 But inventing a friend’s funeral, when in fact he was building a treehouse — then blogging and tweeting about it to be sure everyone at the office noticed? That feels new. 
 Such was a recent management challenge at Mic , a five-year-old website in New York that is vying to become a leading news source created by and for millennials." 
 The workplace is changing and the 80 million millennials @work will make a significant impact on work/life and the global economy. As a group, the 40 million with college degrees enter the workforce taxed with student loans that are the equivalent of a mortgage. Fidelity Investments  announced  a new employee benefit last week to address student loan repayment.    Tara Siegel Bernard  provided the details. 
 " Fidelity will apply up to $2,000 annually to the principal of its employees’ student debts. 
 Fidelity is one of the more prominent employers to announce the student loan repayment benefit in recent months, a policy that seems likely to gain traction. The benefit helps address what some employers describe as a challenge attracting and retaining younger workers, many of whom can’t see beyond the burden of their student debt. Most employers that are offering the new perk also cap their costs at, say, $10,000 total per employee. " 
 At the end of a difficult week, spring wishes and Happy Easter! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Print 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  communication ,  culture ,  economy ,  values ,  week@work ,  women@work ,  work thoughts  Tags:  Brussels ,  choices ,  civility ,  Dhaka Bangladesh ,  garment factory fire ,  Howard Schultz ,  Je Suis sick of this ,  Pamela Druckerman ,  Starbucks ,  Tara Siegel Bernard ,  terrorism ,  The Guardian ,  Tom Marshall NYT ,  Triangle Shirtwaist Fire ,  values-based leadership 
 Post navigation 
 <- 'Choose' a poem by Carl Sandburg 
 When choosing a college, ask 'Who will I become?' -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And then we came to the middle… 
 The Friday Poem: 'August' by Mary Oliver 
 Just the beginning… 
 The Friday Poem - 'How Would You Live Then?' by Mary Oliver 
 Summer 2019@work: Cathedral Thinking, Blue Oceans and Redefining the Purpose of a Corporation 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 March 2020 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 college and work 
 communication 
 connecting the dots 
 creativity 
 culture 
 curiosity 
 economy 
 job search 
 leadership 
 lifelong learning 
 pandemic 
 poetry@work 
 storytelling 
 success 
 The American Dream 
 The Friday Poem 
 The Saturday Read 
 values 
 week@work 
 women@work 
 work thoughts 
 work/life balance 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
