Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-time Crew Member 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 We are more than just your local restaurant. We are a collection of hardworking small-business owners, students working part-time, career builders, and active seniors getting the most out of life. Did you know that from coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day, or that we have proudly helped more than 387,000 Canadian families with sick children through Ronald McDonald House Charities? 
 If this sounds like something you want to be a part of, apply today! 
 Job Description 
 Your vibe and experience 
 While previous experience working in food service or retail as a barista, server, sales associate, cashier, team member, or customer sales representative is always helpful and appreciated, what is most important is who you are. 
 You are trustworthy and have trust in others. You find joy in the details and believe good quality is what keeps guests coming back. You remain cool, calm and collected in a fast-paced environment. You understand there is no “I” in team and thrive in social situations. You’re always willing to learn and grow. You get that service isn’t a transaction, it’s about connection. That a smile can make all the difference in someone’s day. It’s genuine, and it’s who you are. 
 The job 
 We are sure that you have an idea about what working with us is like, but just in case here are some of the highlights on what your job will entail: 
 Greeting guests, taking orders and processing payments 
Preparing food and drinks 
Managing delivery and mobile orders 
Assembling orders and packaging take-out and delivery 
Keeping all surfaces clean and sanitary to ensure the safety for our guests, fellow crew members, and yourself 
 Whether you are working in the kitchen, at the Drive-Thru, or at the front counter you are a part of a dynamic team that works together to deliver an exceptional guest experience. 
 Our offer 
 Working with us means that you will have the opportunity to earn and learn, flexibility, and a safe and inclusive work environment. What this means in practice is: 
 Access to education and skills development opportunities that take you further 
A total rewards package that includes discounts, incentives, and recognition perks 
Flexible hours/shifts that suit your needs 
A safe, respectful and inclusive workplace 
Bring your authentic self to work – welcoming people of every age, background, and culture – just like the guests who visit our restaurants every day 
 Additional Information 
 About us 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers, offering job opportunities at corporate-owned restaurants or restaurants owned by independent franchisees. 
 McDonald’s Canada and Owner/Operators are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. Our workplaces have a long-standing policy of providing fair, equitable, and accessible opportunities for all employees and prospective employees. Accommodations during the application process are available upon request 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
