  
 
 
 Team REV  __ 
 
 
 Events  __ 
 
 
 Careers  __ 
 
 
 Team REV 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Why Workstate? 
 Workstate was built by technologists, for technologists. Throughout our 20-year history we’ve been on a mission to create the best home for the brightest technology talent. 
 What We Do 
 At Workstate, building doesn’t just apply to technology. We like to build. And we assume, because you’re here, so do you. 
 We apply it to everything we do -- building relationships, skillsets, retirement accounts, technical knowledge, music collections, recipe files, dad joke collections, movie recommendations, travel logs, childhood toy recollections … and more. So much more. 
 When you join our team, we see your inner nerd, and we raise you one. 
 How Do We Do Workstate? 
 While our Central Office (with real offices and real doors) is located in Columbus, OH across from the North Market and close to Short North and Downtown / Arena District, we have distributed teams in San Francisco, Seattle and LA. 
 We connect across the miles over Team Brunch every Friday where we share what we've been working on throughout the week and discuss various topics that might include new technology, tools and techniques that excite us. 
 We also do seasonal, family-friendly gatherings. (That said, no one is smooshed into giant human pretzels at a local park in the name of “team-building activities.” We’re already confident in our team-ness.) 
 Gin Tonic 
 All Mules 
 Beer 
 A Good Hefeweizen 
 Amber Ales 
 A Nice Super Hoppy Ipa 
 Light Bodied Session Ales 
 Iced Coffee 
 Iced Cold Brew Coffee 
 Water 
 Amaretto And Cranberry 
 Any Flavor La Croix 
 Bedfords Ginger Ale 
 Diet Dr Pepper 
 Old Fashioned 
 Passionfruit La Croix 
 Root Beer 
 Vodka And Coke 
 Yellow Cake Martini 
 Buffalo Trace Bourbon Neat 
 Chateau St Michelle Cabernet 
 Red Wine 
 Scotch 
 Chai Tea 
 Cinnamon Tea 
 Coffee 
 Irish Breakfast Tea 
 Our Favorite Beverages 
 
 | 
 | 
 | 
 | 
 
 Icy 
 Hot 
 Where We Connect 
 Because we believe so deeply in good ideas, we lean into our employees to bring their insights and opinions to the table. Our employee teams lead several of our important initiatives such as: 
 Professional Development:  Training engagement and sharing with the larger team 
 ShopTalk:  Lunch time presentations around new technologies, interests and client projects 
 Green Office:  Employee-run recycling and supply use program 
 Remote-Yet-Social:  Weekly online events centered on various interests (think movie club, book club, beer club, garden tours) 
 Slack brings us all together in one place, and we utilize it heavily to unify us across the miles and time zones. 
 Committed to Health Insurance 
 We are committed to our team’s well-being above all things, and believe offering robust insurance coverage is one good way to show it. We emphasize home, family and personal time as essential to our employees’ balanced work/life fit. 
 At Workstate, we offer a choice of several Health Insurance plans (including an HSA plan) and Dental, Vision and free Life packages for our employees  and  their families, including domestic partners. 
 Workstate employees receive generous sick time and bereavement benefits, in addition to maternity/paternity leave for birth and adoptive families. 
 Who Gets 
 Time Off? 
 We also encourage working sane hours, for both basic health and to support work/life fit for each of employees. With that in mind, Workstate offers: 
 
 9 paid holiday days per year (includes most recognized federal holidays.) 
 15 days of paid time off per year; increasing to 20 days after two years of employment. 
 Unlimited sick days. 
 
 When we say we support our team, we aren’t messing around. 
 OUR NEWLY ACQUIRED SKILLS 
 #1 
 How to shim a hutch (and why you should) 
 #2 
 Dyeing my hair unusual colors (and handling that attention) 
 #3 
 Contacting my representatives on a daily/hourly basis 
 #4 
 Fighting off sharks while learning to swim 
 #5 
 Cooking 
 #6 
 Sketching on a sheet of charcoal with an eraser 
 #7 
 BBQ'ing 
 #8 
 Performing an alignment on a motorcycle 
 #9 
 Hand-engraving on glass with a Dremel 
 #10 
 Jenkins DSL 
 #11 
 AWS 
 #12 
 Almost-perfect eye-shadow application 
 #13 
 Sweating pipes (Still a challenge, though) 
 #14 
 Learning to garden, fish, and golf in one year! 
 #15 
 Baking bread (In a breadmaker. Don't judge.) 
 #16 
 Watching woodworking videos on YouTube. Fascinating! 
 #17 
 Rediscovering how to make ravioli from scratch 
 #18 
 Data science software and methodologies 
 #19 
 Building cabinets 
 #20 
 Angular 2/SPA 
 #21 
 Vermicomposting 
 #22 
 Drupal 8 module creation 
 #23 
 Gardening 
 #24 
 Swift 
 #25 
 Homeowner stuff 
 #26 
 Diaper changing! 
 #27 
 How to keep plants alive 
 What About 
 Those Jobs? 
 If your mission is to find a career that delivers collaborative teamwork, active learning and mentoring, cultural diversity and inclusion, and leaving a legacy of world-class results, you’ll fit right in at Workstate. 
 Our best candidates are life-long learners; in fact this is one the most important traits of a Workstate employee. 
 We seek consultants who can motivate, galvanize and engage with our clients beyond hands-on keyboard, both diving into the work at hand, while envisioning a project’s future. Our consultants are quick on their feet, able to make fast, informed and smart decisions to save or propel client’s projects, champion their vision, and persevere in their quest for excellence. 
 For our Operations and Sales divisions, we look for team-oriented self-starters with deep expertise who wield their skills to level up existing process and company thinking. 
 If you don’t see exactly what you do on our jobs page, don’t hesitate to send in your resume. We're regularly signing on new clients, and our growth is dynamic. Your new career may be waiting. 
 Check Out Our Job Postings! 
 Our Best (Worst) Jokes 
 
 You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish. 
 I'd tell you a UDP joke ... but you probably wouldn't get it. 
 Knock knock. Who's there? Interrupting cow. Interrupting c...MOOOOO! 
 Three men walk into a bar. You'd think at least one of them would've seen it. 
 Two sausages are in a skillet. One turns to the other and says "It's getting warm in here!". The other says, "Blimey! A talking sausage!!!" 
 Did you hear about that ship of oranges that sank in the Pacific Ocean? It's a navel disaster. 
 I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it. 
 What did the farmer tell his cows at midnight? You're out pasture bed time. 
 I teach a mysql/php course at CSCC – the previous instructor quit to write children’s books. And, that’s how I inherited the class. 
 Why can't a bike stand up on its own? It's two tired. 
 A kid asked her dad what autometalogolex meant. Her dad told her to look it up. 
 What did one atom say to the other atom in the CERN Large Hadron Collider? "It feels negative in here – we should split!" 
 
 We Believe 
 We believe that the caliber of our teams has the highest correlation to successful projects. 
   
 
 Columbus 
 Los Angeles 
 San Francisco 
 Seattle 
 Miami 
 
 CONTACT 
 
 30 Spruce St., 3rd Floor 
 Columbus, OH 43215 
 614.559.3904
 Get in Touch 
 
 FOLLOW 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Copyright © 2021 Workstate. All rights reserved. 
