  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Writing & Translation  
 
 Writing & Translation Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 Last month 
 Ghost Writer needed for upcoming website 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 56 Bids: 13 
 Hello Candidates, 
I need ghostwriter for my upcoming website . Please make sure that submitted article will be Search Engine Optimization (SEO) rich. So i can get the organic traffic. 
Here is the the sample of the articles I need the replica of these articles with same Title. 
 They are some samples. 
1.  https://www.totalassignmenthelp.com/essay-help-online 
2.  https://www.totalassignmenthelp.com/science-assignment-help 
3.  https://www.totalassignmenthelp.com/college-assignment-help 
4. 
 https://www.totalassignmenthelp.com/mathematics-assignment-help 
5.  https://www.totalassignmenthelp.com/paraphrasing-tool 
 Please note - Every content should between 3000-3500 word count 
Articles Needed - 5 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. W. United Kingdom 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Last month 
 Writer needed for the production of an Italian children's Jokebook. 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 0 
 Writer needed for the production of an Italian children's jokebook. 
Your job will be to find/produce 250 italian jokes + 250 italian riddles + 50 italian tongue twisters that will pass all copyright and plagiarism checkers. 
The book is for children from 6 year old, so it has to be kid friendly. 
 Budget is 100$ negotiable. 
 Contact me for more information. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. P. Italy 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Translate an English word to Spanish & Portuguese 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 25 
 Hi, Everyone. 
Hope you are doing well from COVID. 
I have one android application. 
The app has a different type of English word now I need to Spanish & Portuguese. For conversion purposes, I am using google translator but many words not perfect. 
Need someone who can help me urgently. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. Last reply: 27 days ago  United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Translating cultural studies scientific article 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 11 Bids: 9 
 I need this article translated to english before december 28, it has a little bit of technical wording, but some experience in social sciences or humanities should be enough. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. M. Z. Costa Rica 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Chinese to English translation 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 5 
 English to Chinese subtitle drama or Chinese to English drama 
each episode USD 10. 
Message me for more information.  To Chinese subtitle drama or Chinese to English drama 
each episode USD 10. 
Message me for more information. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 Published by:  S. .. Malaysia 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Last month 
 Developmental re-writing a novel with 191,000 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 8 
 Looking for someone who can re-write and do a developmental editorial to a 191,000-word novel. That includes copyediting and proofreading and or just the developmental editing service only. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. Philippines 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Need Article Editor and Uploader 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 4 
 Do you fit this description? 
Grammar Nazi. 
 Spellings, punctuation, typos and syntax errors leap out at you when reading copy. 
You  are itching to corretc the errors’ made in this job-post and caps on what are obviously not Proper Nouns just make you mad. 
You can visualise the flow of an article and match images to the text to enhance it. 
 If your response is yes to at least 2 of the above, we have a job that may interest you. 
 The plus side: 
Our website is all about lifestyle topics and gifting and we aim at creating enjoyable and interesting articles that are also informative at the same time. That means you get to edit content that is actually fun to read, not to mention all the interesting topics you will learn about on the job! 
 Check out our website and see for yourself!  https://bp-guide.in/ 
 What the job entails: 
 
 Edit and proofread articles (of up to around 2000 words), ensuring that not only are they grammatically correct, but also contain all the essential information. 
 
 2. Upload content for publishing through our cms. This includes sourcing images and doing independent research to verify the content. 
3. Understand how to create an SEO-friendly article and tweak headlines and content accordingly. 
4. Training to understand company guidelines and protocols for article writing. 
 5. This involves daily work and you should be able to achieve a turnaround for at least 1-2 articles a day. 
 Prior experience as a sub-editor or other editorial roles will be a plus 
 Conditions: 
We have a paid trial as part of the selection process. 
Attach samples of your writing when applying for this post. 
 Do read and re-read this post till you understand what it is you’re applying for. We DON’T want only proofreaders. You will have to edit AND prepare an article for publishing. 
 Visit our website to understand what published work looks like. 
 Remuneration: Rs.150 per 2000-word article (Rs.1500 for 10 articles). 
If the rates or terms are not acceptable to you, please do us both a favour and do not apply. We will not negotiate. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Proofreading 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. G. I. Last reply: 3 weeks ago  India 
 Less than USD 50 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
