Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director of ABA Services 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of care providers. Spark Lifecare is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community. 
 DIRECTOR OF ABA SERVICES 
We are looking for someone to grow out Applied Behavioural Analysis (ABA) Therapy services program at Spark. We work with a wide variety of clients looking for support in the development of behavioural programs, tailored support services in place for their individualized needs, and an advocate to be on their side as they navigate the ever-changing healthcare world. 
 In this role, you would be responsible for: 
Providing ABA Therapy for 70% of the time as the program grows and develops 
Spearhead the growth of and manage the ABA Therapy program across Southern Ontario 
Assist in the hiring and management of Care Partners, ABA Therapists, and appropriate assistants 
Attend team and one-on-one meetings regularly to review caseloads and problem solve complex files 
 You would be the ideal candidate if you are a Board Certified Behaviour Analyst (BCBA) and have a minimum of 2 years of frontline experience, are passionate about helping people, love working in a team, and are driven and motivate to make a change in the community. 
 HOURS 
Mondays to Fridays 8a-4p 
 SALARY 
$90,000/year 
 Requirements: 
Education and experience providing ABA therapy and registration as a Board Certified Behaviour Analyst (BCBA) 
Valid driver's license and access to a vehicle 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Strong interpersonal skills and proven ability to work independently as well as part of a multidisciplinary team 
Computer skills (i.e. MS Word, Outlook) 
Bilingualism preferred 
 Spark Perks: 
Competitive compensation 
Health benefits, including medical and dental 
Strong administrative support 
Contribution to a pension plan 
Optional inclusion of the Spark Stock program 
4 weeks vacation 
 Start Date:  February 1, 2021 
 Therapy is tailored to each person, so each position is unique. Whatever the circumstances, we want people who will genuinely care about their wellbeing. 
 At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark University, a non-profit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering care providers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. 
 Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed care providers. As a care provider with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark, you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Whatever your age, ability, orientation, ethnicity, race, culture, religion or gender identity - you are welcome. Our community is stronger and more vibrant when it is more diverse. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
