Skip to content 
   
 hirebridge blog 
 News, Information and Important Resources for Human Resource Professionals and Job Seekers 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow us on Facebook 
 
 Follow us on Facebook 
 
 Category: job seekers 
 These Are the Highest-Paying Companies in the U.S. - Bloomberg 
 Technology and consulting firms dominate the list. 
 Source:  These Are the Highest-Paying Companies in the U.S. - Bloomberg 
 By  Jeff in  job seekers ,  payroll ,  Statistics April 20, 2016 19 Words 
 America's Best-Paid Jobs In 2016 [Infographic] - Forbes 
 According to rankings compiled by online employment website Glassdoor, physician, lawyer and research & development manager are the three best-paid jobs in the United States. The website also revealed that salary is a leading consideration for nearly seven in ten people when it comes to finding a suitable employer. Physicians are in top place […] 
 Source:  America's Best-Paid Jobs In 2016 [Infographic] - Forbes 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  Statistics March 30, 2016 62 Words 
 These Will Be the 10 Hottest Jobs in 2016 | Inc.com 
 Looking for a career where you're sure to find a job? CareerBuilder has some suggestions for you. 
 Source:  These Will Be the 10 Hottest Jobs in 2016 | Inc.com 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  Statistics December 10, 2015 27 Words 
 If you're looking for a new job you'll probably use your iPhone and Facebook 
 Hirebridge is leading the way in mobile recruiting. 
 The way we find jobs is changing. 
 Source:  If you're looking for a new job you'll probably use your iPhone and Facebook 
 By  Jeff in  applicant tracking ,  hiring ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  social media November 19, 2015 30 Words 
 Class of 2016 Graduates May Step Into Millennials’ Best Job Market Yet - Real Time Economics - WSJ 
 Employers say they plan to hire 11% more fresh college graduates for U.S. jobs this year than last, according to a new survey. 
 Source:  Class of 2016 Graduates May Step Into Millennials’ Best Job Market Yet - Real Time Economics - WSJ 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  Statistics October 27, 2015 41 Words 
 5 Job Interview Questions that Are Illegal to Ask 
 While there certainly are more than these, Monster.com put together a list of five questions that aren't legal to ask during a job interview. Recruiters take note: 
 
 For example, it’s illegal to ask any questions related to protected classes, says Charles A. Krugel, an HR attorney. “Protected classes typically include race, gender, nationality, religion, military status and age (40 and up). Usually, such questions are intended to identify those class members. More often than not, it's ‘loaded’ questions that are asked, or those where it's fairly obvious that the asker has a hidden agenda and the question has little to do with the job's essential duties.” 
 Some examples of these questions include,”I notice that you live in Brookfield, there's some nice country clubs and retirement communities there -- are you a member of any of them?” and “If you need to commute to work, how would you do that?” The first question can relate to socioeconomic status, gender, race, religion and age, Krugel says., while the second may be looking for information on socioeconomic status and race. 
 
 [Click there to read the entire article >>](5%20Job Interview Questions that Are Illegal to Ask) 
 By  Jeff in  best practices ,  compliance ,  hiring ,  How To ,  job seekers ,  recruiting August 5, 2014 188 Words 
 The Biggest Interview Mistakes HR Experts See (and How to Avoid Them) 
 These may be obvious to some, but it's surprising how many people make inappropriate and derogatory statements when they're being interviewed. 
 Via Lifehacker.com … 
 
 They meet more people in an afternoon than most of us do in a year. But what faux pas do human resources pros see again and again during the interview process? We picked the brains of two high-profile executives to find out what you definitely should and shouldn't say, as well as what they secretly think of your résumé. 
 
 Click here to read the entire article >> 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job seekers ,  recruiting June 5, 2013 93 Words 
 Does Tech Create Jobs Around the U.S.? Maps And Graphs And Charts, Oh My! 
 Via Techcrunch … 
 It’s widely believed in policy circles that technology creates jobs around the U.S., especially outside the startup-happy zone of Silicon Valley. But, searching for statistical nuggets in a needlestack of words is daunting–and a little boring. So, technology lobby, Engine Advocacy, and the Bay Area Council Economic Institute, are here to inform and dazzle you with multi-colored graphs (plus some egregious copy and pasting on our part) [PDF]. 
 Click here to read the entire article >> 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  Statistics December 7, 2012 82 Words 
 Top 5 Career & Job Hunting Websites 
 Via HipVine … 
 It is no surprise that almost every job is posted online, that is why finding a good website that offers comprehensive information is one of the first major tools to land a job. 
 Some websites are limited to just lists of job openings and are simply formatted. When you are doing your job hunt, look for websites that offer career trends, suggestions of what you can do with your current skills and how to translate them into the new position that you desire. 
 Click here to read the entire article >> 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  social media December 28, 2011 94 Words 
 Bipartisan jobs bill for veterans signed 
 Signed into law on Monday, this bill provides help for veterans as well as tax incentives and credits for employers: 
 
 The bill provides double the tax incentives for companies who hire disabled veterans and repeals a 2006 law that, as of 2012, would have required federal, state, and local governments to withhold three percent of payments to contractors. 
 Mr. Obama also announced a series of executive actions aimed at providing unemployed veterans with the resources to find jobs - including a jobs bank, employment counseling and online resources allowing veterans to explore their employment options. 
 
 Click here to read the entire article >> 
 By  Jeff in  eeo ,  hiring ,  job seekers ,  recruiting November 22, 2011 102 Words 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  hirebridge blog  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
