  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Jobs in Rotorua | Working in New Zealand 
 Jobs in Rotorua 
 Are you interested in getting a job in Rotorua, New Zealand? Whether you're just beginning your career or are search for a more advanced role to stretch your capability and learn new skills, Working In can help you find the best jobs in Rotorua. Browse our latest Rotorua job vacancies today to discover a great role that matches your qualifications and experience. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Jobs in Rotorua 
 Rotorua has a diverse, growing economy. The region has a huge amount of career opportunities available in a range of industries. Key industries in Rotorua include agribusiness, forestry, geothermal and tourism. These industries are the region's main economic drivers and play a significant role in New Zealand's economy. 
 When beginning your job search in Rotorua, clarify any conditions for your dream role. Are you after a job with extra flexibility? Maybe you are looking for a graduate role in a specific industry - or perhaps you are looking for a senior management role that will take your career to the next step. No matter what your situation is, we can help you find Rotorua jobs with top employers. 
 Full-Time Jobs in Rotorua 
 Rotorua is one of New Zealand's most popular tourist destinations, with tourism the district's largest source of employment. The tourism sector is largely supported by the hospitality industry. Employment opportunities include business management, customer service, IT, event management and more. 
 Rotorua's second largest employer is the forestry industry. The industry offers jobs for manual and highly-skilled workers. This includes forestry workers, machine operators, mechanical engineers, biotechnicians and more. 
 Rotorua offers an excellent working environment for skilled professionals. Its diverse job market has attracted skilled workers from around the world. Foreigners hoping to get a full-time job in Rotorua must have the correct visa. If you want to apply for a resident visa, you can check the points-based skilled migrant system, which assesses your eligibility to live and work in New Zealand. All details about the visa process can be found on the Immigration New Zealand website. 
 Rotorua Job Search 
 Working In helps foreigners and skilled professionals find jobs in New Zealand. We have the tools to make your Rotorua job search quick and easy. All you have to do is use the Working In search tool to clarify your job requirements. Browse Rotorua job vacancies by location, industry, salary, experience level and company name. Apply for the perfect role today and prepare to establish your career in New Zealand! 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
