Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Laboratory Technologist I 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
Working along with other Health Care Professionals, you will provide Laboratory support to the community of Stony Plain. 
 Description: 
As a Medical Laboratory Technologist (MLT) I, you will be responsible for the daily processing, testing, results analysis and reporting of diagnostic samples within the laboratory department. You will perform a variety of routine and specialized procedures in the processing of specimens used in diagnosis, treatment and research. 
 Classification:  Laboratory Technologist I 
 Union:  HSAA FAC PROF/TECH 
 Department:  Rural Clinical Lab Suppl. WEST 
 Primary Location:  Westview Health Centre 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  0.00 
 Posting End Date:  08-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Casual/Relief 
 Date Available:  18-DEC-2020 
 Hours per Shift:  Varies 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  Varies 
 Shifts per cycle:  Varies 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Nights, Weekends 
 Days Off:  Other 
 Minimum Salary:  $33.98 
 Maximum Salary:  $44.75 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited Medical Laboratory Technology (MLT) program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College of Medical Laboratory Technologists of Alberta (CMLTA). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
You are an organized, independent worker and a strong team player who is committed to providing quality patient care. You understand and maintain a working knowledge of analytical techniques and demonstrate excellent problem solving, decision making and trouble-shooting skills. You are approachable and reliable. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Proficiency with the EPIC (Beaker), Wellsky, and general computer applications. Experience with the Sysmex XNL 550, Stago Compact, Siemens Clinitek Advantus, Ortho Diagnostics Vitros 350, Beckman Access II and Point of Care Instrumentation. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
