Skip to content      
 
 
 About 
 
 Our Story 
 Company History 
 Core Values 
 President's Message 
 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 Certifications 
 
 
 Customers 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 * __
 
 
 
 * [Email](https://sso.godaddy.com/login?app=o365&realm=pass "Email")
 
 
 Payroll 
 Timesheets 
 
 
 
 Home  / Careers 
 Investing in a More Promising Future 
 At World Services, there are no limits to pursuing and attaining the impossible. Our purpose is to work together towards shaping your future, broadening your horizons, and transforming your dreams into tangible goals. We strive to make a positive impact on our team members and those around us. 
 Headquarters located in Alexandria, Virginia 
 5680 King Centre Drive, Suite 600, Alexandria, VA 22315 
 Our Culture 
 Our employees are our most valued resource. Their needs, well-being, and prosperity are our priority. 
 World Services offers an upbeat and positive work environment in which our employees discover their strengths, unleash their creativity, acquire new knowledge, develop new skills, and build long-term relationships with like-minded and driven professionals. Our employees are our most valued resource; therefore, their needs, well-being, and prosperity is our first priority. To express our absolute gratitude for our employees’ hard work, determination, and loyalty, we offer generous employee compensation and benefits. We also create an open atmosphere through access to executive leadership, freedom to challenge the status quo and ask questions, and transparency in company operations. 
 We strive to fuel curiosity, creativity, and excitement in our employees, so they can flourish as intelligent and authentic leaders. 
 Learn more about us » 
 Our Glassdoor Reviews 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 “Lots of great people who are smart, friendly and extremely customer focused.” 
 The business model works very well. In a highly competitive environment, World Services' value proposition continues to resonate with its customers. 
 Former Employee 
 “The work environment is laid back and management trust their employees.” 
 The leadership team is looking into innovative and exciting technology solutions for clients. The company seems to take an employee-first approach to continuously improving the organization. The company does several outings and leadership seems to really appreciates and genuinely care about employees. 
 Former Employee 
 “The Company is building a great culture.” 
 The Executive Teams seems to really care about the employees. They are open to listen to new ideas and promote from within. The company is aggressively seeking to grow and keep the small company culture.” 
 Current Employee  
 Benefits 
 Paid Time Off 
 We provide full-time employees 15 days of PTO annually, which may be used for personal, sick, or vacation purposes 
 Annual Bonuses 
 We reward employees when we grow and profit as a company. 
 Insurance Coverage 
 Our coverage includes medical, dental, and vision plans with a vast network of providers. 
 401K Investment Match 
 We offer a robust 401(k) plan with automatic 5% “safeharbor” contribution with no vesting from World Services. 
 Company Events & Outings 
 We offer annual picnics, fun outings to include bowling, happy hours, monthly lunches and dinners on various projects, and holiday parties! 
 Company Paid Training 
 We provide reimbursement for yearly company paid training and career-relevant certifications. 
 Community Service Opportunities 
 We are strongly committed to giving back to the community through supporting non-profit agencies and sponsoring families who fall victim to natural disasters. 
 Employee Spotlight 
 Kamari Barnette 
 Business Analyst, Employee since 2018 
 I first joined World Services as an Intern during my college senior year as I was pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree. Although I have no technical background, I possess a passion for learning, great enthusiasm, and a commitment to work hard. Coming on board to a fast-paced, growing company was a challenge, but it was also a phenomenal opportunity upon my college graduation. Several months after I joined, I was offered a position as a Business Analyst. Although I had little experience, I brought a different perspective, and my ideas were always respected and appreciated. I later realized that trying new things and being innovative was a significant part of working at World Services. 
 As an Intern, I discovered my strengths and built new competencies through various trainings and team collaborations. World Services helped me develop and diversify my professional skills and identify the necessary building blocks for a career path. I enjoy working for World Services, as I genuinely feel there is no limitation on what I can do, learn, or become. The culture is friendly and open; the environment is incredibly empowering; and hard work, impact, and value does not go unnoticed. World Services continues to recognize and appreciate all of their employees, myself included. 
 
 
 Home 
 Who We Are 
 Contact 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) World Services LLC 2021 
