Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Gérant adjoint, Aliments-commodité 
 Pharmaprix 
 __Beaconsfield, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
50 St-Charles, Suite 1, Beaconsfield, Quebec, H9W 2X3 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 "What you'll do" • Assist the Front Store Manager in managing the human, physical and financial resources of the front store and ensuring that store objectives are achieved • Interface with other departments to ensure achievement of store objectives • Provide leadership and guidance to store staff in exceptional customer service "What you'll need" • Post secondary education • Proven leadership and staff management abilities • Superior interpersonal skills • Strong verbal and written communication skills • Strong understanding of SPLH principles • Thorough understanding of and ability to execute merchandising standards • Efficient time management abilities • Effective organization and planning skills • Computer literacy • Commitment to providing exceptional customer service J2WRTL J2WFSM 
 Why work in a Pharmaprix store or community pharmacy? 
 Work for a local business owner while having the support of a strong retail brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Pharmaprix University (UPHX). 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Associate Owners in the Pharmaprix network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
