Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Free Recuitment and Career Advice Workshop in Galway City, 1st of July 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Free Recruitment and Career Advice Workshop in Galway City 
 CPM, Ireland’s leading field marketing company, is delighted to announce that it will be hosting a recruitment and career advice workshop on Thursday 1st July, in The Maldron Hotel, Oranmore, Galway. 
 The workshop will focus on jobs that are currently available in the West and North West of Ireland, while also providing expert advice on interview preparation skills and CV clinics. 
 Currently CPM has 600 people employed in field services and marketing nationwide, 43 of whom are based in the North West and are continuing to expand in this region. Always on the lookout for talented, passionate and committed individuals, CPM welcomes both experienced sales people as well as those just starting a career in sales. There are a number of permanent, full-time sales roles available and CPM is looking to fill these vacancies through the recruitment workshop. 
 Candidates should pre-register for the workshop by contacting us to confirm their interest. There will be two workshops held on the day – one at 4.30pm and another one at 6.30pm. These will be followed up by CV clinics where attendees can learn ways to make their CV stand out from the crowd and catch the eye of potential employers. Bring along a hard or soft copy of your CV so one of our Specialist Recruitment team can review for you. 
 CPM is the leading partner for outsourced sales and marketing solutions, with impressive clients like Microsoft, eircom, Bord Gáis and Mars. The special relationship CPM has with clients is all about commitment, transparency, trust and performance – old fashioned values that work very well in a very modern world, and which is also the reason its client base continues to grow, with some of the biggest brands and indigenous companies in Ireland requesting their services. 
 For pre-registration please contact Elaine Maguire 
01 70 80 320 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,366 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
