Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Project Desk 
 Kent Building Supplies 
 __Antigonish, NS 
 Apply Now 
 SALES ASSOCIATE 
 Kent is the largest retail building supply chain in Atlantic Canada. Our mission is to be the best source of home improvement products through superior service, quality products and everyday great prices. We protect our customers and staff by hiring and training associates committed to our safety values. 
 Kent is locally owned and operated, and we continue to grow in your community. 
 Looking for an associate who will be available to work a flexible schedule of day shifts, evenings and weekends. 
 If you ask our Sales Associates what they like best about working at Kent, they say they like working with people, learning about products and being part of a great team. They also like flexible schedules and opportunities to advance. 
 Responsibilities: 
Working safely 
Providing superior customer service – this includes greeting customers, providing information, completing sales and arranging deliveries 
Stocking products and creating displays 
Learning about new products and attending training 
 You will need to take ownership for your area of the store and maintain the highest standards of safety, service and merchandising. The job can be quite physical and involves standing, walking and lifting. You will need to learn our products and policies, and seek assistance when asked a question that you are unable to answer, or you need help lifting a heavy item. 
 Typical career steps are to become a specialist in sales such as contractor sales or installation sales, or to become a department manager. 
 We offer: 
A safe work environment 
Incentive programs 
Employee discount 
Employee and Family Assistance Plan 
Opportunities for growth and career advancement 
Training 
 To Apply for this Career Opportunity: 
We appreciate your interest in our company! Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
