Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Keep Motivated During the Dog Days of Work 
 Samantha Peters    20th February    Goals   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Keep%20Motivated%20During%20the%20Dog%20Days%20of%20Work%20-%20https%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fmotivated%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 It’s a story to which many people can probably relate: A few months after I started at a new job, the excitement of the new opportunity had begun to pass, I had finished my first few major projects, and the arrival of summer began to divert my attention elsewhere. Suddenly, after being highly motivated since getting hired, I felt lethargic and slow in the office. My procrastination levels rose and my productivity faltered. 
 I knew that my experience was not a rare one. For every worker comes a stretch of time when they feel less motivated, less productive, and less capable of walking into the office every day and handling their workload. 
 Sometimes this happens in the let-down period following a big project or the first few months on a job; sometimes it is simply a product or outside factors or the natural rhythms of working life; and sometimes it derives from concrete influences, such as the removal of a contract incentive or the attainment of a senior position in the firm. 
 Whatever the reason, it is  not  OK to doubt your capabilities when an unproductive stretch comes around. It is important, however, to take concerted efforts to snap out of your slump. Otherwise, your lack of motivation and productivity could turn into a negative pressure, which in turn could make you feel more stressed and no more accomplished. 
 On that note, here are a few tips and strategies for dealing with those dog days of work: 
 Switch Up the Routine 
 The degree to which you switch up the routine should depend in part upon the flexibility you have with your job. If you have a high amount of flexibility, you can switch things up by working from home, working odd hours, trying a different project, or taking a new approach. 
 Such major moves may not be an option if you have less flexibility, but even then you can change up the little things in your routine: pack a different lunch, bring a water softener instead of a water bottle, or tackle your daily tasks in a reverse order. 
 Create Personal Incentives 
 Studies show that employees are generally more motivated when they are  properly incentivized . If your company does not give you the right incentives – or if these incentives are not enough – you can always give yourself personal goals, targets, and rewards. 
 The goals may reflect productivity objectives on a daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly level, while the rewards, meanwhile, can range from small treats (go out for lunch on Friday if the week has been productive) to larger luxuries (a vacation as a year-end bonus for you and your spouse). 
 Mix Exercise and Work 
 People who exercise regularly are much more relaxed and  less stressed than their peers , traits which help make them more capable of exhibiting healthy time management strategies. They have a daily commitment that extends beyond their workplace. 
 For these reasons, incorporating exercise into your daily work routine can help switch up that routine (see tip #1 above), provide you with goals and make you more motivated overall (tip #2), and generally help you relax during the day. The best way to do this is by running or biking to work, or by making time to exercise during a lunch break. 
 Take a Break 
 Sometimes a period of stagnation simply needs that you need a brief break during which you can take a step back, refresh, and regain the momentum that you lost. This break doesn’t need to be a week-long tropical vacation; instead, take a personal day on a Friday and drive somewhere nearby for the weekend. There’s a good chance that you’ll return to work on Monday energized and ready to go. 
 Consider How Your Approach Has Changed 
 If you were once motivated and productive than you are at present, take a moment to consider what happened to cause that change. Was it something that you did or that you can correct? Trying to replicate your past approach can often prove fruitful when trying to correct the current one. 
 Talk About It 
 All too often, our feelings of inadequacy on the workplace turn into self-imposed pressures and frustrations that only furthers a cycle of stagnation. 
 In many cases this can be avoided by sharing your concerns with another person, ideally someone who works with you and can understand your pressures. Tell them about your lack of motivation and use them as a support when you need some encouraging words in the future. 
 Change the Pace 
 Some people don’t want to switch their routine, add incentives, take a break, or talk about their productivity problems. My final piece of advice is a more straightforward one aimed at this crowd. By working longer, more relaxed days, or by going into the office on the weekends, your change of pace may certainly translate into more time on the job – but this temporary measure can help you remove pressure and snap out of your work funk. 
 In other words,  just do it -- finish what's bothering you . 
 These are few of the ways to help you  overcome a period of stagnancy in your work life . While these periods are normal and common occurrences, it is still important to address them when they arise – for both your short-term sanity and your long-term productivity and in order to keep motivated. 
 Photo by Joost J. Bakker IJmuiden . 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 how to keep motivated at work ,  how to keep motivated ,  how to remain motivated at work ,  how to stay motivated ,  keeping motivated at work 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 exercise (7) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 routine (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Samantha Peters  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 This is a Guest Post by Samantha Peters, who frequently writes about career related topics, specifically for people that want to  find a career  in an internet related job. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Real Life Organizing  
  _ _     Answering Life's Hard Questions with Lori Deschene  
  _ _     5 Ways to Posture Yourself for an Internet Job  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Web design London - Evan Skuthorpe  on the 20th February 
 
 Reply   
 Some good tips, thanks. 
 
 Gym Machines  on the 13th March 
 
 Reply   
 Definitely agree with your tip of talking about it. When you chat about stuff with others you begin to see the bigger picture and this puts things more into perspective. One thing I recently learnt to do is to stop thinking about the problem but focus on the what you want to work towards - thinking towards rather than away from. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
