Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Scanner 
 ISCAN INVESTMENTS INC. 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Document Scanner 
 Company description 
 For over 4 Years, ISCAN INVESTMENTS has established its reputation on managing properties and doing that well. Serving 14 communities nationwide from residential, commercial and condominiums - we know the market, we anticipate trends and we act decisively. 
 Job description 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Process work accurately and maintain performance output in accordance with entry-level department standards. 
 Operation of processing printer/scanner industrial equipment. 
 Ability to work independently on work for all clients. 
 Perform basic level transaction sorting and decision-making. 
 Comfortable learning mechanical skills in order to make proper adjustments and minor repairs to job-related equipment. 
 
 Skills: 
 
 Ability to sit for extended periods of time to complete repetitive tasks. 
 Ability to lift and transport boxes of paperwork within facility weighing up to 40lbs; ability to lift 40 lbs. overhead occasionally with or without assistance. 
 Must pass all required pre-employment applications and screenings. 
 Other duties as needed or required 
 Requires physical ability and mental acuity to execute the duties of the position successfully within required timeframes to meet business requirements. 
 Mail Distribution. 
 Copying. 
 Maintaining Records. 
 Standing. 
 Basic Computer Skills. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $17.00-$21.00 per hour 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
