
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Assistant Teaching Professor of Mechanical Engineering 
 University of Washington 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Assistant Teaching Professor of Mechanical Engineering 
 __ University of Washington 
 [](mailto:?subject=Assistant%20Teaching%20Professor%20of%20Mechanical%20Engineering&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14172140/assistant-teaching-professor-of-mechanical-engineering/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 5, 2020 
 Location: 
 Seattle, Washington 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 
 Position Description 
 Assistant Teaching Professor in Mechanical Engineering 
The School of Engineering and Technology at the University of Washington Tacoma invites applications for a non-tenure track faculty position at the rank of Assistant Teaching Professor in Mechanical Engineering. This is a full-time position with a nine-month academic year appointment, beginning September 2021. 
 The Mechanical Engineering program in the School of Engineering and Technology is newly launched in Fall 2020. Successful candidates need to be prepared to teach a broad range of Mechanical Engineering courses including labs and senior capstone design projects. Priority topic areas include, but are not limited to mechatronics, robotics, controls, engineering design, machine design or manufacturing. Experience in curriculum development and elective course generation is a plus. While Assistant Teaching Professor primarily has a commitment for teaching and service, this position is also invited to participate in the wide range of research and scholarly activities. 
 UW Tacoma is a 46-acre, urban-serving campus that currently serves approximately 5400 students and is comprised of award-winning architectural LEED-certified, repurposed warehouses amid the city's museum mile. Situated on the high-technology corridor of Puget Sound, UW Tacoma offers views of the historic Foss Waterway and Mount Rainier, and provides a perfect gateway to the Pacific Northwest recreation opportunities. UW Tacoma's commitment to diversity is central to maintaining an atmosphere wherein students, staff, faculty, and residents find abundant opportunities for intellectual, personal, and professional growth. UW Tacoma faculty engage in teaching, research, and service and generally participate in lower, upper-division, and graduate instruction. The University of Washington Tacoma, one of three UW campuses, is an urban undergraduate and 
graduate-level campus that is changing the face of its region economically, culturally, and architecturally. 
 The School of Engineering and Technology (SET), formerly known as the Institute of Technology, was created in 2001 through a public/private partnership to address the critical industry demand for baccalaureate and graduate-level computing and engineering professionals. SET's 850+ students are currently enrolled in (i) four ABET-accredited undergraduate degree programs: Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering and Systems, Computer Science and Systems, and Information Technology, (ii) a Master of Science Degree in Computer Science and Systems, and a professional Master's Degree in Cybersecurity and Leadership, in partnership with UW Tacoma's Milgard School of Business, and (iii) Ph.D. program in Computer Science and Systems. SET will be expanding its degree offerings with state approved funding to start Civil Engineering in Autumn 2021. Our MS in Computer Science and Systems is also expanding by adding interdisciplinary, data-centric tracks that leverage the research strengths of other academic units on campus, particularly in Data Science, GIS, Bioinformatics, Cybersecurity, Distributed Systems, and Cyber-Physical Systems. New graduate programs under development include a MS in Electrical & Computer Engineering and a MS in Information Technology. 
 Qualifications 
 Qualifications 
A M.S. (or foreign equivalent) in Mechanical Engineering or a related field is required for the position. Positive factors for consideration for this position include, but are not limited to, industry experience in a relevant field, and/or possession of a Ph.D in Mechanical Engineering. 
 Instructions 
 Applicants should include: 
(1) A cover letter describing academic qualifications, professional experiences, teaching backgrounds, and how they will bring value to the curriculum development in Mechanical Engineering. 
(2) A teaching statement including teaching philosophy, evidence of teaching effectiveness, a list of courses the candidate is qualified to teach, hybrid teaching, teaching flexibility, and student advising. 
(3) A diversity statement describing how their teaching, service and/or scholarship has supported the success of students from racial, ethnic, and gender backgrounds that are underrepresented in their academic field. Applicants who have not yet had the opportunity for such experience should note how their work will further University of Washington Tacoma's commitment to equity and inclusion. 
(4) A curriculum vitae 
(5) Contact information for at least three references. 
(6) Optional: An outline of the candidate's research goals and plans 
 Applications must be submitted electronically. Position URL: http://apply.interfolio.com/81247 
 Questions related to this position are to be directed to the search committee chair, Dr. Heather Dillon, hedillon@uw.edu. 
 This position will remain open until filled, however applications received before January 11, 2021 will receive a priority review. This position is contingent upon available funding. The entire search process will be conducted remotely/virtually due to COVID-19. 
Applicants are strongly encouraged to complete the Equal Employment Opportunity questionnaire that is linked to the confirmation email. This information will not be shared with the search committee. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement 
 University of Washington is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer. All 
qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, creed, 
religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, genetic information, 
gender identity or expression, age, disability, or protected veteran status. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 67163 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  University of Washington 
 Founded in 1861, the University of Washington is one of the oldest public institutions in the west coast and one of the preeminent research universities in the world. The University of Washington is a multi-campus university comprised of three different campuses: Seattle, Tacoma, and Bothell. The Seattle campus is made up of sixteen schools and colleges that serve students ranging from an undergraduate level to a doctoral level. The university is home to world-class libraries, arts, music, drama, and sports, as well as the highest quality medical care in Washington State and a world-class academic medical center. The teaching and research of the University’s many professional schools provide undergraduate and graduate students the education necessary toward achieving an excellence that will serve the state, the region, and the nation. As part of a large and diverse community, the University of Washington serves more students than any other institution in the Northwest. 
 Connections working at  University of Washington 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
