Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Production Team Member (Swing Baker)- Union Street 
 Tim Hortons Fredericton & Minto Group 
 __Fredericton, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Job Title:  Production Team Member (Baker) 
 When you become a Team Member at Tim Hortons you truly join a team. Perhaps it will be your first job, maybe you are working while you study, or you are building a career within Tim Hortons. No matter what your career goal, we will be here to support and encourage you along the way. Your path is just beginning! 
 Restaurant Location:  534 Union Street, Fredericton, NB E3A 3N2 
 Availability:  Shifts 3am-11am and 11am-7pm, Must be available Monday-Sunday, 32-40 hours per week 
 Job Status:  Full Time, Permanent (Not suitable for Students) 
 Number of Vacancies:  1 
 Pay Rate:  $12.50/hour (including shift premium) 
 Position Description: 
As a production team member, your top priority is guest satisfaction. You take pride in producing quality finished bakery or menu items that our guests come to enjoy and love. You assist in serving guests where necessary and respond to special guest requests in a friendly manner. You follow Tim Hortons standards and guidelines when preparing products for our guests as well as follow all operating guidelines for each piece of equipment. You support a clean environment through regular clean up; maintain a neat and professional appearance in accordance to our company policy, minimize food waste and maintain freshness of products. Your energy and passion for guest service are what make you a top team member in this fast-paced environment while your ability to multi-task and communicate with your fellow team members will contribute to your success. 
 Our Bakers produce the bakery items for our restaurants, as well as preparing other hot and cold food products for the sandwich unit. You will be deeply immersed in training to learn about our operations standards, food safety, health and safety, cleaning and sanitizing, and guest service. Part of this position will include maintaining our restaurant's cleanliness. As part of the position you will be required to sweep, mop, clean the kitchen area, change garbage's, and maintain the bakery equipment and smallwares. 
 Apply to this opportunity if you: 
Demonstrate a passion for guest service and creating exceptional guest experiences 
Enjoy working with a successful team in a safe environment 
Have a strong work ethic and are committed to your team 
Previous food preparation experience considered an asset. 
 As part of our team we offer you: 
Comprehensive training 
Affordable Health & Dental Benefits Starting at 6 Months (Over 20 hrs/week) 
Tim Points Program 
Incentive and recognition programs 
Team Tim Hortons Scholarship Program 
Advancement opportunities 
Community involvement 
Team Member Meal Discounts 
Well Being Benefit Program 
Free Uniforms 
Annual Company Organized Events 
Shift Premiums 
 If you are interested in this opportunity, please Apply Now! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
