Skip to content 
 
 Personality Dimensions In Action 
 News and Updates from Personality Dimensions® 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Website 
 
   
 Tag: Career Building 
 Professional Development for Personality Dimensions Trainers 
 A few months ago I was catching up with  Sandra Summerhayes  and she mentioned that she had just finished a great Personality Dimensions… online! At that point we had been kept very busy answering some often frantic "how do " calls from Personality Dimensions facilitators. Sandra mentioned that she was thinking about putting something together to help facilitators take their training online, and asked when we thought she should start offering it. My immediate thought was "yesterday!" Because this workshop is designed to address the very issue we had been getting calls about, I thought I’d share this information. 
 Since then, Sandra has offered this workshop many times to sold-out audiences. I just checked with her to see how registration for the September  Delivering PD in the Virtual World  workshop is going and was surprised to learn that there are still a small handful of spaces available. 
 As John Maxwell once said ‘Change is inevitable. Growth is optional.’ As Personality Dimensions facilitators adapting to the new normal, (whatever that’s going to become) this growth opportunity lies in taking the original Personality Dimensions content and adapting it to an ever-evolving virtual landscape. The content remains the same, the delivery method is changing. 
 If you’re interested in finding out more about this growth opportunity visit  https://sandrasummerhayes.com/virtual-training/ 
 Yours, from the back office… 
 Denise Hughes is the Director and owner of 
 
 CLSR Inc . and general editor of Personality Dimensions® materials and products. She just noticed the calendar and realized it is just past the 44th anniversary of her introduction to career and type and temperament materials. Those experiences and the expertise she gained through her years with the Guidance Centre, University of Toronto, and now with CLSR, continue to shape the direction that both   CLSR   and Personality Dimensions® take. 
 Posted on  September 9, 2020  by  CLSR Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  Career Building ,  Career Development Professionals ,  Customer Personalities ,  Denise Hughes ,  High-Performance Teams ,  Leadership Effectiveness ,  Online Training ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Test ,  Sales ,  Sales Personalities ,  Sandra Summerhayes ,  Team Building ,  virtual training ,  virtual world ,  Work Life Balance ,  work/life resiliency ,  Zoom ,  zoom teaching ,  zoom training .  3 Comments 
 Personality Dimensions® - We're More than Personality! 
 Personality Dimensions®  was officially launched 14 years ago, after many years of research and development; but did you know what else helped influence its development over the years?  Personality Dimensions®  is published by  CLSR (Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc)  – a company now located in Aurora, Ontario Canada. We’ve been in Career Development for a long time; our company’s Founder and Director,  Denise Hughes  has been in the industry since 1974. 
 While  Personality Dimensions®  is a great tool to use for Career Development, Career Management, Professional Development; however we recognize that there is no one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to resources. That is why we publish and distribute a variety of different resources for different needs. If you are looking for Assessments, Videos, Curricula, or Workbooks, we’ve got you covered! 
 
 Looking for a career interests assessment for non-verbal clients?  We have that. 
 Need a quantitative abilities/skills measure for an MVA client?  We have that too. 
 Getting youth ready for their first jobs?  Yes! 
 Conducting a workshop for adult job-seekers?  We can save you time. 
 Helping clients prepare for interviews?  We have current videos for that. 
 
 Molly Hughes, Office Dog, and Head of Human Resources. 
 Have a look at  www.clsr.ca  to see the variety of resources we carry. Got any questions? Give us a call at 1-877-680-0200. While you’re at it, check out our blog on Career Development Resources  http://clsresrources.wordpress.com . If you find yourself in the area, drop by to see what we’ve got, and spend some time with the office dog, Molly. 
 Posted on  March 21, 2018March 21, 2018  by  CLSR Posted in  Did you know? Tagged  Assessments ,  canada ,  Career Building ,  career development ,  career management ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  CLSR ,  Curricula ,  Human Resources ,  job seekers ,  MVA assessment ,  office dog ,  Personality Test ,  Videos ,  Workbooks .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® – Meet the Master Trainers 
 Continuing in our series of introducing our Master Trainers, it’s my pleasure to present Deirdre Pickerell. I’ve always considered it to be a real privilege to work with Deirdre. She’s been involved with so many aspects of Personality Dimensions® over the years that it’s hard to keep track. She always brings tremendous professionalism and her wonderful joie de vivre to everything she does. Deirdre and her colleagues at Life Strategies have breathed life into an on-line training program that shapes great Personality Dimensions® facilitators and she continues to keep in touch with Personality Dimensions®colleagues from across the country and around the globe. ~Denise Hughes 
 In her own words … 
 "I’ve had the privilege of working with Personality Dimensions® since its earliest days. As a former True Colors Level 2 Trainer, I was one of those who loved using the tool but was disappointed in the quality of some of the materials and the lack of ongoing research and validation. All that changed when Personality Dimensions® was launched; it was hard to not be overjoyed with the vibrant Personality Dimensions® materials, the inclusion of descriptors and symbols, and the more robust Traits & Characteristics Choices Checklist and, of course, the inclusion of the Introversion/Extraversion Quiz. 
 In those early days, many of my clients hadn’t heard of Personality Dimensions® so would request additional True Colors workshops. In every single instance, however, we seamlessly shifted to Personality Dimensions® and had incredibly positive responses to this new tool. 
 Over the past several years, I’ve facilitated countless Personality Dimensions® workshops with corporate groups, across a wide range of industries, as well as within non-profit agencies and educational institutions. Topics have also varied, from team strengthening and career building to leadership development and work/life balance. I’ve also had the honour of co-authoring, with fellow Master Trainer Dr. Roberta Neault, several Personality Dimensions® materials, including the  Conflict Management; Leadership Development; Sales, Marketing, and Customer Service; and Work-Life Balance Toolkits for Trainers ; the PD Basics Materials; and the  Personality Dimensions® in a Virtual World guide . 
 Denise has also trusted me, and the Life Strategies team, with delivering  Personality Dimensions® Facilitator (Level 1) training online . This facilitator-led, interactive course mimics the face-to-face training and helps to bring Personality Dimensions to those in rural and remote communities who may not be able to access the facilitator training. We’ve also welcomed participants from 5 countries. 
 I love working with Personality Dimensions® and am especially proud of the impact workshops have on participants. There is immense learning that occurs as people celebrate their similarities and explore how their differences make them stronger. I’m also deeply honoured to have recently learned I am one of the longest holders of Master Trainer status are still active! Makes me wonder . . . what’s next??!" 
 Degrees  : PhD (Human and Organizational Systems); MA (Human Development; MEd (Educational Leadership) 
 Certifications/Qualifications  : Chartered Professional in Human Resources (CPHR); Global Career Development Facilitator Master Trainer (GCDF-i); Myers-Briggs Type Indicator Trainer; BarOn Emotional Quotient Inventory Facilitator; Personality Dimensions® Master Trainer 
 Deirdre can be reached through the Life Strategies website ( www.lifestrategies.ca ), via LinkedIn at  https://www.linkedin.com/in/deirdrepickerell/  or on Twitter  @deirdrepickerel 
 Posted on  April 11, 2017April 11, 2017  by  CLSR Posted in  Did you know? Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career Building ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Conflict Management ,  Deirdre Pickerell ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Human Development ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Life Strategies ,  MBTI ,  Organized Gold ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Training ,  True Colors ,  Work/Life Balance ,  Workplace .  1 Comment 
 Subscribe to Personality Dimensions! 
 Enter your email address to follow Personality Dimensions and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Happy Holidays 
 Professional Development for Personality Dimensions Trainers 
 Introverts and Extraverts Come in the Same Four Delicious Varieties 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 Introverts and Extraverts Come in the Same Four Delicious Varieties 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 March 2020 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 December 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 July 2014 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Coming Soon 
 Did you know? 
 Musings from the Back office 
 News 
 PD In Action Guest Blog Series 
 Product Update 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
