Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Account Manager 
 Bento Sushi 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Account Manager 
 Reporting to the Vice President, Sales and Account Management, the Account Manager is responsible for managing and fostering the relationships of a select number of national and regional customer accounts, as well as developing growth opportunities within assigned areas. 
 Why you should join our team: 
We offer group health benefits and retirement plans for eligible teammates 
Opportunities for growth and skill building - we look forward to training you and teaching you the Bento secrets 
Fun events with your fellow Bentonians! 
We are proud of our Bento Sushi Foundation which offers educational grants for our teammates and funding for other rewarding causes such as seafood sustainability and community involvement. 
 Responsibilities 
Manage and strengthen relationships with Bento’s key grocery and foodservice customers (examples - Loblaw, Sobey’s, Metro, Longo’s, Compass Group). Regular communication and in-person meetings to present new products, review the business and plan for the future. 
Plan and prepare for business reviews – build PowerPoint presentations, prepare sales analysis, and present internal initiatives. 
Identification of opportunities and champion for driving sales and profitability in all channels of business. Plan and execute initiatives by working with various cross functional teams: Operations, Marketing, Supply Chain, Product Development, Quality Assurance. 
Business development within existing customer base. Plan and develop new store builds and renovations with category managers; conversion of Bento delivered sushi locations to on-site chef locations. 
Working with the Marketing Department to plan promotional calendars, special events, develop customer communication and signage, and participate in the product development process. 
Administrative support on new product listings, deal sheets, cost change forms, and others for assigned customer base. 
Timely and accurate communication to Bento Operations team on key customer updates and initiatives. 
Stay abreast of internal dynamics through regular in-store visits, as well as non-Bento locations to gain insights into industry trends, competition, and customer behaviours. 
Qualifications 
Bachelor degree in Business Administration, Commerce, Marketing, or other related field. 
2+ years of work experience in a related role or industry preferred 
Highly motivated individual with a passion for sushi and food. 
Strong verbal and written communication skills – can hold a conversation and develop strong bonds with people. 
Ability to wear multiple hats and manage priorities/deadlines, with strong attention to detail and follow up. 
Strong proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint. 
Valid driver’s license and own vehicle - regular travel is required to stores and customer headquarters. 
 For inquiries, please contact us at: 
 
 Toll Free: 1-833-212-0028 
 Text: 647-459-8787 
 Wechat ID: bentosushijobs 
 
 Bento Sushi is North America’s fastest growing sushi company with operations across United States and Canada. We bring together a dynamic team of people with diverse backgrounds, experience and talent, to create an exceptional guest experience. If you are looking to join a fun, friendly and exciting workplace environment where you can truly take pride in your work, the opportunities are endless. 
 We are committed to providing accommodations for persons with disabilities. If you require accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
