[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Free Virtual Job Fair this Thursday 
 Published by  aw1219  on September 22, 2020September 22, 2020 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Today is the very first day of fall and to usher in the fall season, there is a new virtual job fair that you can attend in just two days. The job fair is completely free and open to every single person nationwide. The time of the job fair will be from 10 a.m. until 4 p.m Eastern Standard time. 
 This job fair is being held by  My Employment Options  who I regularly speak about on this blog as well as my  official YouTube channel . My Employment Options hosts virtual job fairs special times throughout the year for you to help you chat and connect with work at home employers right from your home office. 
 If you have never attended a virtual job fair before, here are some reasons why you will want to do so. 
 
 Find out what openings some of your favorite work at home companies are hiring for. 
 Get to speak one-on-one with a potential employer. 
 Learn more about the company. 
 Attending virtual job fairs can aid you in getting a future work at home job. 
 Get access to more free  work at home job leads . 
 
 Requirements to participate in the Virtual Job Fair 
 Anyone can participate in the virtual job fair but you will have to register prior to, in order to secure your spot for the job fair. Registration is completely free but failing to do so will prevent you from attending. You can  register here . After you have registered, you will receive an email from My Employment Options that will help you prepare for the event. 
 Who is attending the job fair? 
 
 You may be wondering exactly which companies will be participating in the virtual job fair. The following companies below have been confirmed and possibly more added before September 28th. 
 
 Ask MEO 
 Bender Consulting Services 
 Concentrix 
 Cotiviti 
 Global Connections to Employment 
 Pearl Interactive Network 
 Republic Services 
 Stateside BPO 
 Transcom 
 TTEC 
 WR Systems 
 
 Frequently asked questions about the job fair 
 You may have some questions about the job fair and I will answer some of the more common ones below. 
 
 Do I have to attend the job fair the entire time? You are not required to attend the job fair for the entire duration. The hours are open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. to give as many people as possible time to connect virtually with these employers according to your own schedule. If you only have 15 minutes to spare, you are still welcome to join this free event. 
 Do I need to be disabled to attend the job fair? You do not have to be disabled or receive SSI or SSDI disability benefits in order to attend the job fair. 
 Are only work at home companies participating in the job fair? There will be work at home and brick and mortar companies participating in the job fair. 
 Will the job fair cost me anything? The job fair is free to register for and to attend. 
 Will I have to dress up? It is not a requirement but only a suggestion because you may video chat with an employer. This is your chance to give a good impression by wearing casual or business attire instead of pajamas. You may also want to give attention to your workspace and tidy it up before you enable your webcam. 
 Can I apply to work at home jobs without attending the job fair? Yes. You can do so by  clicking here  if you receive SSI or SSDI disability benefits and want to work from home. 
 
 Things to Remember 
 Please mark your calendars now so that you will not miss out on this free upcoming event to talk with employers especially if you earnestly want to work from home. Feel free to tell your friends and family about the job fair and have them register too. 
 
 Did you know that some of my blog readers have gotten hired just by attending a job fair? You could be the next one to get a work at home job from this free job fair. Don't forget to register for  free here . 
 Find more work at home job leads by visiting the weekly job section and our Facebook Groups below. 
 Workersonboard Community 
 
 Real Work from Home Jobs 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  free job fair free virtual job fair 
 Tags:  free job fair free work at home job fair virtual job fair 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 Related Posts 
   
 free job fair 
  Work at home Job Fair from My Employment Options  
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post.My Employment Options, a Work at Home partner of mine, is known for their national Online Job Fairs that feature multiple  Read more… 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
