Skip to primary content 
 Study at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam and experience Amsterdam! 
 About studying an international Bachelor or Master at VU Amsterdam and living in Amsterdam, The Netherlands 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 About 
 
 Hello World! 
 Contact 
 
 
 Meet us! 
 Career Services 
 Student's blogs 
 Pictures and videos 
 English taught Programmes (BSc & MSc) 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Sign up for the Masterclass Successful Career Management now! Career Event 2013 
 Posted on  May 8, 2013  by   wmaat 
 You’ve got the degree. You’ve got the talent. You’ve got the drive and enthusiasm. Now what? 
 Sign up  for our  Masterclass   Successful Career Management  at the Career Event 2013, May 24th, 3.00 - 4.15 pm  Zuidas , World Trade Centre Amsterdam, Strawinskylaan 1 (10 min from VU)! 
 VU University Amsterdam  prepares its international students for a possible (academic) career in the Netherlands in various ways. Besides actively linking science to practice in the Bachelor’s and Master’s programmes, VU University organizes a yearly event for students interested in working in the Netherlands and offers a number of career-related services. On Friday May 24, 2013 VU University organizes the career event “Get Ready for a Dutch Career”, for all international students of VU University Amsterdam interested in starting a career in the Netherlands! 
 **Masterclass Successful Career Management for GSEB students  only! 
****3.00 - 4.15 pm - Room 2 ** Faculty Programme: You’ve got the degree. You’ve got the talent. You’ve got the drive and enthusiasm. Now what? Here 's your chance to learn from the pro's! (only 50 seats available) 
 During the Career Event, VU Graduate School of Economics and Business will be hosting a Masterclass for our current international students. A few international alumni of our Faculty will tell you about their successful experience in finding a job in the Netherlands. We’ll start with an introductory kickoff to get to know the professionals and end with a Meet & Greet in small groups with the professionals. You can ask them anything you want about their field of expertise and how they launched their career. Also, the students can ask the  FEWEB Office of Career Services  questions about the Dutch job market and their services offered to international GSEB students. 
 
 Sign up for   Masterclass Successful Career Management  before Friday May 17th 2013! 
Hurry up; there are only 50 seats available, first come first serve! Inspired to join or want more info? Send an email to:  careerservices.feweb@vu.nl . Don’t forget to mention “  career 24 May  ” as the topic of your email. In the email add your first name, last name, student number and master track. 
 
 Career Event 2013 
The Career Event 2013 is especially for those who want to orientate themselves on the Dutch labor market. Students will receive practical information about how to prepare for a possible career in The Netherlands. Ms Natasja van der Geest, Senior Advisor of the Municipality of Amsterdam, will present "Human Capital for the Amsterdam Metropolitan Area" and there will be an interactive Dutch language course. You will also have the opportunity to meet recruiters and employers during the career fair. Here, employment agencies and international businesses interested in attracting international young professionals and researchers present themselves and share their expertise. Moreover, a number of supporting organizations is present at this fair to answer your questions, such as the Dutch immigration service, VU Career Information Center and the Expatcenter. Furthermore, they offer students a basic 10 minute CV check and interview training (bring your CV!). 
 Eleni Arsenopoulou, currently an intern at Philips and an international Master's student from GSEB, will tell her stories as well (1.50 – 2.00 pm. in the Auditorium of World Trade Centre Amsterdam). For the full program, please have a look at the  website. 
 
 International Career Event 2013 
Friday May 24, 2013 
1.00 pm to 6:00 pm 
World Trade Centre Amsterdam 
Zuidas, Strawinskylaan 1 (10 min from VU) 
 Register  here for the general activities at the Career Event 2013 before May 10th 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Meet us at Twitter 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Amsterdam ,  Business Development ,  Career ,  Dutch University ,  Education ,  find a job in the Netherlands ,  Intercultural communication ,  internships ,  Jobs ,  Master studies ,  Multiculturalism ,  Personal development ,  Research Jobs ,  Study abroad ,  Talent Development ,  The Netherlands ,  Uncategorized ,  Working after graduation  and tagged  2013 Friday May 24 ,  amsterdam ,  Career Event 2013 ,  dutch ,  International student ,  Masters Degree ,  Netherlands ,  Philips ,  Vrije Universiteit ,  VU University ,  Zuidas  by  wmaat . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 About wmaat 
 The faculty of Economics and Business Administration is fortunate to welcome many international students to its Master's programmes. My aim is to increase the international attractiveness of our education and to create the VU Experience! 
  View all posts by wmaat ->  
 4 thoughts on "Sign up for the Masterclass Successful Career Management now! Career Event 2013" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Masterclass Successful Career Management for our International Students was a success! | Study at GSEB and experience Amsterdam! 
 
 
 Alemayehu Dugassa  on  May 17, 2013 at 10:38 am  said: 
 
 
 Realy appriciable thank you.Can I have a chance to join your University on sponsership base? 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Gebrecherkos Haileslassie on  May 17, 2013 at 9:03 am  said: 
 
 i am kindly requesting for free scholarship masters in the field of economics 
thank you for the reply 
 Reply ↓ 
 * [wmaat](https://studyinamsterdam.wordpress.com) on [July 5, 2013 at 9:16 am](https://studyinamsterdam.wordpress.com/2013/05/08/sign-up-for-the-masterclass-successful-career-management-now-career-event-2013/#comment-1656) said:
 
 Each year you can apply for our VU Fellowship Scholarship. You can read more at  http://www.vu.nl/vufellowship 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
