  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Head of Operations 
 at PerchPeek 
 go back to Ops and Finance Jobs 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤50000 - ₤80000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤50000 - ₤80000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Hello! 
 Thanks for checking out our job posting for the role of Head of Ops at PerchPeek. You've already taken a tiny step towards being a part of our team - huzzah! This is a huge, huge role for us as we scale up & so if you're searching for a position that will bring out the very, very best in you, read on! 
 We know that taking your next career step is as exciting as it can be scary. So, with that in mind, we've tried to keep our description simple and bull***t free to help you decide if PerchPeek and this job are a good match for you. We've tried to avoid using too many cliches but sometimes they sum it up nicely, so you'll just have to wince and forgive us. 
 Who are PerchPeek? 
 Have you ever relocated before? Did you manage to do it without swearing or rolling your eyes at some point in the process? Didn't think so… That's because no matter where in the world you go it's a crappy process that's always time intensive and stressful. PerchPeek was conceived to change that. 
 Whether it's moving city or moving country, PerchPeek's aim is to guide people through every aspect of their relocation from searching for their home to settling into their new community. Our fundamental belief is that we can use technology to make moving simpler, faster, more secure and even enjoyable. By combining our awesome AI platform with our even more awesome Support Squad we help people throughout their journey. You can find out more by checking out our  website . 
 What 's next for PerchPeek? 
 We know what you're thinking - surely nobody is relocating at the moment? Well, you're partly right, Covid-19 certainly threw some interesting curveballs our way. But we've continued to hit some fantastic home runs and over the past 5 months have actually expanded our operations into over 47 countries as well as raised a Seed round from Top VCs. (Normal startup protocol would dictate that we put a rocket emoji in at this point, but we promised minimal cliches) 
 To support our rapid growth, our Operations team has sprawled to 20+ people in 8 countries. As you can imagine, under the hood, things are pretty crazy right now & we're looking for a super motivated, hyper-organised and insightful problem solver to bring some order to the chaos. We need you to be as happy to get stuck into the nitty gritty of the day to day as you are zooming out and looking at the big picture. You'll be at the centre of our operations ensuring Perchpeek delivers a superb customer experience. 
 Here 's a more detailed overview of the Head of Operations role: 
 The core objective for this role: set up the operational system to help anyone move anywhere...from Seattle to Singapore to Sao Paulo, you'll be responsible for ensuring that every person using the Perchpeek platform finds a home they love - hassle free. 
 NB/   From the moment a person first comes to Perchpeek, to after they 've settled into their new home, our operations team are responsible for supporting their search, scheduling viewings, contract negotiations and a range of settling in services. 
 Everything you do will underpin the core objective so if it's not on the list, but you can think of it, then it's likely you'll be involved in making it happen! 
 Here is the core of the role though: 
 
 Senior role  - you'll report directly into our CEO, one of the original Perchpeek founders, and co-formulate our operational strategy, including where we hire people, how we split work & more. 
 Hiring  - helping create a scalable process for onboarding both contractors and permanent hires 
 Process development  - lead the design, development and implementation of operational processes, policies and standards that will help us create a consistent operational environment. 
 Lead through others  - daily management of our central operations team, our international support squad and our network of freelancers to create a best in class support with lightning fast reply times 24/7. 
 Reporting  - you'll manage and report on our pipeline of movers. This includes reporting internally to our founding team, as well as our external corporate clients. 
 Product Feedback  - you'll analyse customer journeys and feedback to provide the Product team with insights on which platform features are most desirable to build next from an operational perspective. 
 
 A couple of additional areas to note: 
 
 We know you have a life beyond work and we work hard to make sure that our team has the right balance but it would be remiss for us not to add at this stage that you may need to provide cover outside of normal business hours such as weekends and bank holidays. 
 As we continue to scale our support centre globally, you should look forward to travelling (post Covid) to hire and train Support Squad members 
 We want you to contribute to other areas that interest you too. We are a young startup and "Think Big' is one of core values, so you'll have the opportunity to drive the business forward in areas beyond operations too. 
 
 You should join us if: 
 Our core values align to your own values.  These really matter to us, so we need them to matter to you. Before you consider applying, please take the time to think whether you're ready to commit to each of them every day. You can check them out  here . 
 In terms of the type of person we're looking for: 
 
 Customer Obsessed:  Since it's our number one value, we wanted to reiterate it here. This is especially important in this role because it's crucial that you have the customer's needs at the heart of your thoughts and actions every day. 
 Efficient:   " If you want something done, ask a busy person."  We need you to be able to absorb pressure and thrive when spinning 10 plates at once. (If you literally know how to spin plates then please include in your cover letter - our CEO's a big fan of magic and similar skills!) 
 Relentlessly Focused  : Things move quickly at PerchPeek so you should relish challenges and have a strong natural instinct to drive things to completion and deliver. 
 Energetic:  You have the day-to-day passion and enthusiasm that inspires and engages your team, even when remote, to achieve high levels of productivity and personal growth. 
 **Right & Left Brain Thinker: **You can balance logical thinking with a creative mindset to solve problems. 
 Curious  : We're looking for the ability and curiosity to adapt to a constantly changing environment. 
 
 
 Preferred Skills: 
 
 Highly effective  prioritisation and organisational skills  with a track record of being able to multitask and meet deadlines. 
 Strong  analytical and problem-solving  with the mental acuity to solve end-to-end problems, taking in balanced views and risks. 
 Keen eye for detail  and very attentive to drive our quality assurance processes 
 Comfortable  making decisions  and  working autonomously . You have previously demonstrated a strong level of comfort in driving projects forward, but equally you are a team player through and through. 
 Excellent  written and verbal communication skills  with the ability to explain complex concepts in a simple manner. 
 Natural  relationship building abilities  and the ability to work with a wide range of people at all decision-making levels. 
 Tech savvy  - We're a tech company and being both technically literate and curious is key to driving operational efficiency. 
 If you've relocated before, terrific 
 Fluent in English  , but  further languages are a huge plus  - the more the merrier as you'll be managing an international team 
 
 We are open to applications from a range of candidates. We are particularly interested in those that have a background in consulting, programme management or business operations. 
 We are an Equal Opportunity employer committed to a diverse and representative team. Whatever your gender, race, religion, age, sexual orientation, marital status or disability -   we want to hear from you. 
 The PerchPerks: 
 
 We provide super  competitive salaries  and  regular reviews 
 Unlimited holidays  so that when you're working you're charged up bringing your A-game 
 Annual $1k learning & development budget  - So you can get some structured and proactive growth outside of the office 
 Flexible working  - This role can be based anywhere in the world. We'll support you no matter where you want to live and pay for co-working space if desired. 
 Time spent turning colleagues into friends (corny but we don't care) -  Weekly socials, quarterly team days  and an  annual reTREAT 
 Experience  growing an early stage startup that's raised over $3m in VC funding and getting to work with a strong Founding Team that care about culture 
 Free stuffed  Perchies  (parrots) and parrot themed games 
 If there's something else you need support on, we're open to discussions too. Our Perks are always evolving! 
 
 Ready to be a Perchpeeker? 
 Then please share your CV, as well as a short cover letter. We're not looking for you to spend hours crafting it, keep it brief, a couple of short paragraphs at most. We just want to hear why you think PerchPeek and this role are interesting and how you think you could knock it out the park - don't be shy, we're all ears! 
 You'll hear back from us and if you've been successful you'll be invited for a quick phone call with one of the PerchPeek team so we can get to know each other a bit better. Afterwards, if we think we might be well matched, then we'll be doing a series of interviews with different members of our teams before making our final decision. 
 We hope you're as excited to apply as we are to hear from you - Good luck! 
 Published at 26 Dec 2020 - Expires on 26 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  PerchPeek 
 fulltime  Content Director  at PerchPeek in London 
 __29-12-2020 
 fulltime  Operations Associate (Remote UK/EU)  at PerchPeek in London 
 __13-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
