Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 1 
 Searching for a job in Finland 
 Posted by   admin  | 3rd September 2012 |  Career Advice ,  Finland Immigration ,  Moving to Finland 
 Using the Employment and Economic Development Office services for immigrants 
 If you are a jobseeker, you should register with an Employment and Economic Development Office (te Office) as soon as you have moved to Finland. You will find one near you almost everywhere in Finland. The largest te Offices have Eures advisers and other advisers specialised in immigrant services. They can serve you in many languages and assist you in job-seeking. If necessary, interpreter services are also available. The advisers will tell you about the employment opportunities available. 
 The te Offices also offer information about issues including training opportunities, the labour markets and different occupations. The Employment and Economic Development Administration’s national helpline (Työlinja) also gives guidance and information over the phone or by e-mail about how to use the te Office services and the online services. 
 eu/eea citizens and their family members can be registered as jobseekers. If you are a foreign citizen from outside that area, you can be registered as a jobseeker if you have a residence permit granted for employment and the permit has no employer-related restrictions. Employer-related restrictions that hinder a jobseeker’s registration can only concern the employer’s residence permit (continuous residence permit A granted for employment or temporary residence permit B). 
 Registered jobseekers can receive personal employment services and the related benefits. Unemployed jobseekers, who are in other respects eligible for such benefits, have the right to a jobseeking plan or an integration plan as well as unemployment security. 
 Related Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 Related Jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 24 Jan  2021
2. Type
Freelance
Job
 Personal Assistant 
Location
 Anywhere 
Date Posted
 24 Jan  2021
3. Type
Freelance
Job
 Communications / IR Specialist 
Location
 Uusimaa  Finland
Date Posted
 24 Jan  2021 
 5932 total views, 1 today 
 Tags:  searching for jobs in finland ,  working in finland 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS Feed 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 
 
 Josh 
 
 
 I've been trying to find a data analyst job in Finland. The information on your site has been very useful but still struggling! Found this article too which is interesting. 
 https://www.technojobs.co.uk/info/it-jobs-abroad/it-jobs-in-finland.phtml 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
