
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: amazing job playing each other 
  February 4, 2012  
 The Change-Up: Surprisingly Heartwarming 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 From the producers and directors of The Hangover and Wedding Crashers, I expected something a bit different from this movie. I expected the ridiculous situations and grossout comedy duo that has been spewing out of Hollywood since Judd Apatow took up The 40 Year Old Virgin. Something a bit different was sent my way. An outrageous comedy… with a sentimental side. As shocking as that may sound, this 2 hour film had the time to flesh out a relationship to the characters and the concern for the well being of their lives. And coming from a pair of true gold comedy actors (that have the capacity for more than comedy), this movie does deliver well. More so on plot and acting than lines and delivery. 
 So Dave Lockwood (Jason Bateman) is a married man. He married young and 
 
 Two men. Two varying lives. 
 has a beautiful young daughter and a strange pair of infant twins. Meanwhile, Dave's friend Mitch Planko (Ryan Reynolds) is a single man, banging all he sees and loving living in his own filth and depravity. Although the two remain friends, they have grown apart somewhat since their lifestyles have taken them away from each other. Dave is a successful lawyer at a major corporation and Mitch is a semi-successful actor. The two's lives aren't close to perfect, but they enjoy their situations. 
 Until one day. 
 
 So who's who? 
 Dave and Mitch get together, breaking their routines to catch up on old times and catch a baseball game at a local bar. While there, the two get a little more wasted than ususal. Things are talked about and emotions run high. And then, BAM. Freaky Friday hits like a storm as the two piss into a fountain. By the plot Gods, this seems all too familiar. And yet, it's the male perspective on the idea of taking a walk in another's shoes. Word, I can dig that. With the fountain moved (classic Big situation), the two have to live each other's lives for a while, and re-discover themselves through each other's eyes. 
 What really stood out to me about this film was how well Jason Bateman 
 
 They play each other. To a tee. 
 played Ryan Reynolds and how well Ryan Reynolds played Jason Bateman. It's more the generational issue in Freaky Friday, but in this one it's more of a body swap of men of the same age. Different habits and personalities are mirrored in this comedy down to, what I would say, is a tee. The anal-retentiveness of Bateman pairs off with the ridiculously callous antics of Reynolds. Having to talk to yourself as the other person was pretty key in this movie, and it was pulled off with a-bomb. (Niceeee.) 
 
 Word. 
 In classic fashion, this movie starts off with some poop jokes and some strange combinations of swear words. (F-knuckles? Are you kidding me?) I've started to dislike the invention of swear-catch-phrases as I'll call them, and this needs to be remedied with some great pop culture references and such, a-la Workaholics (can't wait to rave about that shizz). The movie moves along with some classic situations and works along with quite a few nudie shots for the guy audience. I watched the unrated version. And yet, I was surprised that, despite not being directed by Judd Apatow, his wife, Leslie Mann, played a part in this movie anddd showed off the goods. It was as strange as it was comical. 
 And then you get hit with the friend moving along in life montage, followed by, BAM. 45 minutes of touching connection. Did you see this coming? Nope. Could you imagine Ryan Reynolds in Jason Bateman's body pulling off 
 
 This movie will get touching. 
 pretending to be a lawyer by watching Law & Order? Not at all. But this all happens. And, in the realm of strange, quirky fantasy, it works. For the first time ever, I connected with Leslie Mann as a decent actress. Coming from a woman who always plays the comical stuck up bitch, this was refeshing. Some "true" tears were shed and the perfect balance of drama and comedy was achieved. From a movie made by The Hangover and Wedding Crasher guys. Weird… 
 
 Sorry guys, just for the eye candy. Don't know about that substance... 
 I gotta say, if this is in the original version and not the edited, there are some great comedy scenes in this movie. Watch out for the twins, that's a great bit. And Ryan Reynolds' acting career as it were? That's what I'm talking about. Every time he pops up, whether it be Cinderella Man or Scary Movie 4, Craig Bierko delivers. This time as a Russian porn star director. What's good. There are some great lines from Jason Bateman (while being possessed by Ryan Reynolds) and quite a few attractive women in this movie. Not a big fan of Olivia Wilde's acting though… she's just an eye candy actress… (Sorry if that offends…) 
 So, if you're into dramatic movies, this one will surprise you. If you're into comedies of the outlandish sort, this movie will please and appease you. With such a satisfying mix with only a few big name actors putting their names on the bill, this really delivers. And yes, this is the Year of the Bateman. Jason Bateman. Solid 8.6 out of 10. 
 
 Can you handle the Bateman? 
 1 Comment    |  tags:  actor ,  amazing job playing each other ,  anal retentive ,  attractive women ,  banging ,  bar ,  baseball game ,  Big ,  body swap ,  callous antics ,  Cinderella Man ,  classic fashion ,  comical stuck up bitch ,  Craig Bierko ,  daughter and twins ,  Dave Lockwood ,  different personalities ,  drama and comedy ,  drinking ,  F-knuckles ,  filth and depravity ,  fountain ,  Freaky Friday ,  golden comedy actors ,  great comedy scenes ,  grossout comedy ,  growing apart ,  Jason Bateman ,  Judd Apatow ,  just eye candy ,  Law and Order ,  lawyer ,  Leslie Mann ,  male perspective ,  married man ,  mirrored ,  Mitch Planko ,  montages ,  nude shots ,  Olivia Wilde ,  outlandish ,  outrageous comedy ,  perfect balance ,  poop jokes ,  pop culture refences ,  producers and directors ,  quirky fantasy ,  relationship with characters ,  ridiculous situations ,  Russian porn star director ,  Ryan Reynolds ,  satisfying mix ,  Scary Movie 4 ,  sentimental side ,  single man ,  straightening up acts ,  strange and comical ,  surprisingly heartwarming ,  swearing invention ,  The 40 Year Old Virgin ,  The Change Up ,  The Hangover ,  the year of Jason Bateman ,  touching connections ,  unrated version ,  walk a mile in another person's shoes ,  wasted ,  Wedding Crashers ,  wife ,  Workaholics  | posted in  Movies 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
