[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 VP Payroll Product 
 
 
 Operations 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted August 20 
 Applications have closed 
 Revolut 
 
 Overview 
 Since 2015, Revolut has introduced over 10 million customers to a new way to handle their money. From instant spending notifications and built-in budgeting controls, to global currency exchange and stock trading, customers simply get more with Revolut. 
 We approach People Tech at Revolut the same way that we approach everything else. We take complex issues, and create extraordinary solutions that our customers love. From on-boarding flows to new feature presentations, our goal is to both inform and delight. 
 Put simply, we build things we want to use ourselves, that we’re proud to show to our friends and families. 
 ABOUT THE ROLE 
 We are looking for a proven Operator/Entrepreneur with past experience as Private Equity professional + operating experience; Principal/Partner at a top tier consulting firm + operating experience; or Senior Executive at a top People Tech company who knows how to build and scale great companies. You will have relevant execution/operational experience and industry knowledge within Payroll / HCM / Pensions / PEO - i.e. managed portfolio companies, advised clients in these markets or led People Tech companies. 
 Revolut is offering a unique opportunity for such an individual to create and run a newly formed business, that solves the problem many businesses face when hiring & managing employees. The mission to enable our customers to hire/manage any person in the world with 1 click. We will start with solving Payroll problem but also solve other surrounding problems such as HR, Pensions, Talent Management, Workforce Management and Benefits. 
 The role is based in London or New York however we will also consider remote in US/Europe/India/Russia 
 WHAT YOU WILL ACHIEVE 
 
 You will be responsible for launching and building a market leading Global People Tech business for Revolut  within 5 years (potential to generate at least 750M GBP in cumulative revenues by Yr 5, EBITDA margin of at least 35% and AUM of c.5-10B GBP) 
 Payroll solution will be operationalised first as a priority and then followed by other services 
 You will need to have a fully operational business  across all segments by Yr 1 in the US, UK and EU. Expansion to other key markets by Yr 3 
 You will need to attract and grow an A team  of professionals to establish and support the business 
 You will need to leverage Revolut tech stack and processes to quickly build and scale the products 
 
 WHAT YOU 'LL BE DOING 
 
 Creating a solid business plan  (including but not limited to): 
 
 
 
 Market Research 
 
 
 Forecast financial plan 
 
 
 Core operating model 
 
 
 Technology stack & product design/development 
 
 
 Business development roadmap (winning clients & market share) 
 
 Organisational design & hiring : 
 
 
 
 Defining the organisational structure 
 
 
 Prioritising & source new hires 
 
 
 Attracting and retaining A team talent 
 
 Operationalising the Business  : 
 
 
 
 Understanding the best market entry route - Acquisition, Development, Partnership, Development + Partnership 
 
 
 Acquisition - Work with Corporate Development team to initiate 
 
 
 Partnership - Work with Business Development Team to implement and operationalise 
 
 
 Development - Hire and work with Product Owners to develop and implement the envisioned new product 
 
 
 Business Plan execution and scale 
 
 
 Set-up internal governance & processes 
 
 Market expansion  : 
 
 
 
 Launch in US, UK and EU by Yr 1 
 
 
 Launch in expansion territories by Yr 3 
 
 
 WHAT YOU 'LL NEED 
 
 At least 7 years of experience  with some years in one of the following: 
 
 
 
 Private Equity firm + operating experience 
 
 
 Top tier consulting firm (McKinsey, BCG, Bain, Oliver Wyman) + operating experience 
 
 
 £1bn+ valued People Tech company 
 
 Track record of leading and/or executing launch of new business segments  / new product lines (incl. investments). Or demonstration of leading and growing businesses successfully 
 Experience of P &L ownership (annual P&L impact greater than 25M GBP) 
 Experience of setting business 
 Experience in leading, building or having ultimate responsibility for teams  of greater than 100 FTE (this may be teams within portfolio companies / you may have direct reports that manage the teams) 
 Executional/operational experience in the Payroll / HCM / Pensions / People Tech sectors 
 Minimum GPA  3.5/4 (US), 60% (UK), 8/10 in any other country 
 Any of the following: 
 
 
 
 STEM (technical) degree from a top 15 university in the US, top 5 in the UK, top 2 in any other country 
 
 
 School/university Olympiad medal in competitions in physics, maths or programming 
 
 
 A little about us…  When Revolut was founded in 2015, we had a vision to build a sustainable, digital alternative to traditional big banks. Our mission now is to help our customers improve their financial health, empower them to have more control, and promote financial cohesion across the communities in which we operate. Launching into 2020 with 10 million Personal customers and over a quarter of a million Business customers only reinforced our belief in the vast need across the world for better financial services. As our customer base has boomed in the last year, we’ve expanded our team to match that growth. We started 2019 with several hundred employees; we closed it out with 2000. 
 What we’re looking for…  Revolut is being scaled up by people all around the world who share our vision. We’re looking for people who align with our four core values: we Never Settle, we Get It Done because we Think Deeper and we’re Stronger Together. You’re the kind of person who wants to join a community of forward-thinking people, all personally and professionally invested in Revolut’s mission. You thrive in a collaborative space where everyone’s learning from each other, and learning fast. We believe in empowering our Revoluters in their work, giving them autonomy and ownership of what they do. We want everyone at Revolut to own their story and their successes - working with us means you’re not just another cog in the machine. 
 THE BENEFITS 
 
 Competitive salary 
 Biannual equity bonuses 
 All the latest tech you need 
 Skip the commute and work from home once a week 
 Roll with a free Revolut Metal subscription 
 Pension plan 
 Private health insurance 
 Start the day properly with fresh fruit and cereals 
 Stay refreshed: get juice, tea, coffee and soft drinks on tap 
 Rest up with 29 days’ holiday per year 
 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  745 
 Operations 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Senior Data Analyst 
 GrowFlow  Business management and compliance solution for cannabis wholesalers and retailers 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* December 16
 
 
 
 
 Ecosystem Art Director 
 Square  We help millions of sellers run their business-from secure credit card processing to point of sale solutions. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Designer
* October 19
 
 
 
 
 Head of Partnerships 
 Goody  Timeless hair styling and accessories brand focused on encouraging women to #FeelGood 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* January 16
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
