PeaceTalk: Pax Christi Michigan 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
   
 Tag Archives: job 
 by  Pax Christi Michigan  | August 3, 2013 * 8:32 AM 
 Pax Christi Michigan Organizer 
 Part-time contractual position 
 PCM MISSION STATEMENT  : Pax Christi Michigan (PCM) builds peace and justice by articulating the ideal of Christian nonviolence, applying the Gospel of nonviolence to personal life and to the structures of society through PRAYER/STUDY/ACTION. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION  : Candidate must oppose war and all forms of violence and embrace Catholic Social Teaching. The objective of this position is to nurture our current constituency and expand/grow the organization. 
 Create and maintain small Pax Christi groups; maintain office operations; liaison with PCUSA and other peace & justice groups; facilitate opportunities for the membership for Prayer, Study, and Action opportunities; develop strategies for communicating the Pax Christi message; develop youth involvement; assist with coordinating the annual conference and annual retreat; create and distribute regularly our newsletter; attend PCM state council quarterly meetings; and submit a quarterly report. 
 MAIN PURPOSE  : To increase membership, and PCM’s presence within Michigan. 
 REQUIREMENTS  : 
 · Self-motivated 
 · Technological expertise: Must be fluent in Word, Excel, PowerPoint, have basic database understanding, and knowledge in the use of social networking (Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc.). 
 · Office skills: Skilled with writing, editing, maintaining files, answering phone calls and email well and in a timely fashion, etc. 
 · Demonstrated organizing skills 
 · Comfortable with public speaking/presentations 
 · Ability to work well with others in a collaborative work style & demonstrate strong communication and interpersonal skills 
 · Has a strong peace and justice background, and embraces & understands Catholic Social Teaching 
 LENGTH OF CONTRACT  : This will be a one year contract, contingent upon satisfactory 30 day and 6 month reviews. Contract is subject to annual renewal. 
 SALARY/REMUNERATION  : Contract pays $14,400 per year, paid in monthly installments. 
 DEADLINE FOR APPLICATON  : 
 TO APPLY  : Send resume and Letter of Interest to  paxchristi.mi@gmail.com 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  General Discussion 
 Tagged as  activist ,  employment ,  job ,  justice ,  openings ,  peace ,  posted 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to the Pax Christi Michigan blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,296 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Action  (10) 
 Ending Gun Violence  (1) 
 Ending Racism  (1) 
 Ending War  (2) 
 General Discussion  (42) 
 Immigrant Rights ACTIONS  (2) 
 Immigrant Rights INFO  (2) 
 nonviolence  (2) 
 Prayer  (7) 
 [Study](https://paxchristimi.wordpress.com/category/study/ "Political resources, informational items, and things that work to keep each other "in the know" with the facts.") (12) 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 
 
 Search our blog postings… 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 We're talking about…. 
 
 
 9/11   11th   2001   action   activist   Alma College   berrigan brothers   bin Laden   bishop   budget   capitol rotunda   Christmas   Church   Companions on the Journey   cosmos   current-events   dead   death   Detroit   employment   Eucharist   Fort Benning   Gumbleton   Haiti   Honduras   Human Rights   immigrant   immigration   inclusion   injustice   Israel   job   John Dear   justice   kind   kindness   LCWR   Loras College   Mary Anne Perrone   Michigan   Movable Peace   Moveable Peace   mystic   mystical   nelson mandela   nonviolence   nuns   openings   Osama   Osama bin Laden   Palestine   Pax Christi   PCM   peace   political strings   posted   prayer   purse strings   religion   retreat   rights   Right to Work   Sean O'Laoire   September 11   sisters   Snyder   spirituality   St. Blase   Tom   unions   United Auto Worker   Vatican   walk   war   Western Hemisphere Institute for Security Cooperation 
 PeaceTalk: Pax Christi Michigan  * "Nonviolence is a way of life for courageous people" - Dr. M. L. King, Jr. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
