NICOLE C. WONG 
 …meanderings and musings… 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 42 Fun Facts About … 
 The Life Explorer 
 
 Architecture 
 
 Even New York City’s scaffolding exudes holiday cheer! 
 
 
 Art 
 
 The Pumpkin People take over Jackson, NH! 
 
 
 Epicurious 
 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 2: How to swallow your fear of insects in one gulp 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 3: The best chicken wings are tucked away in a Hutong 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 4: How to eat Din Tai Fung dumplings 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 5: Noodles aren’t just for eating 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 1: How to cook Jianbing in the street 
 
 
 Globetrotting 
 Goosebumps 
 
 Scrambling our brains on a space-shuttle simulator 
 
 
 Life Sugar 
 Nature 
 
 Chasing the Volvo Ocean Race in Boston Harbor 
 Some people color-coordinate their shoes and purses. Others match their cars with fall foliage. 
 
 
 Out of the Ordinary 
 
 
 The Multimedia Storyteller 
 
 Education 
 
 In These Classrooms, D Doesn't Make Grade 
 Square Root Day 
 
 
 Tech 
 
 Handheld Hurt 
 Young Software Developers Eat, Drink Beer and Talk Code at Free, Periodic Parties Throughout Silicon Valley 
 CEO's First Year Stabilizes HP 
 HP Founders Bill & Dave's Excellent (Silicon Valley) Adventure 
 Risk-Taking Strategist "Crazy John" Uses Humor in Sun's Turnaround 
 HP Exec Stays on Top of the Game 
 
 
 Travel 
 Workplace Issues 
 
 Palo Alto City Council Proposal Would Make Frowning Off-Limits 
 Silicon Valley Techies Take Wing To Beat Bay Area Traffic And Housing Costs 
 HP Cuts Back on Telecommuting 
 Thousands Already Cut From HP Adjust to Losing HP Way of Life 
 HP Churn: Boot 1, Hire 1 
 Moving Tech Support Jobs Closer: Nearshoring 
 
 
 
 
 The Experience Architect 
 
 <- How to Communicate the Value You Offer at Work 
 How to invest a $1K bonus to sharpen your future-proofing job skills 
 Posted on  September 10, 2019  by  Nicole C. Wong 
 As I gazed 60 feet up at the jagged rock-climbing wall, I cautioned my belay partner, "I'm not going to be able to finish this route, but I want to see how far I can get. I'll probably fall off, too, so put a lot of tension in the rope." Within 15 minutes, I had ascended to the top -- without slipping off the wall! 
 The resulting euphoria underscores why I love climbing: it’s a quick opportunity to prove to myself that I can conquer new obstacles that require more skill or experience than I possess. Then I carry the mental focus, determined spirit, creative thinking, and newfound confidence out of the rock-climbing gym and into other areas of my life. 
 So when  PwC announced that it was surprising each staff member with a $1,000 bonus  to spend on enhancing our well-being, I decided to invest mine in a climbing-gym membership. Climbing offers this trifecta for fueling well-being: it reinvigorates my physical energy, renews my mental energy, and replenishes my emotional energy as I examine problems from multiple perspectives, experiment with various techniques, take calculated risks, and celebrate both creative efforts and hard-fought successes. 
 All of that is important today and will be even more important tomorrow in the big scheme of things -- in our lives that are growing more  volatile, uncertain, complex, and ambiguous  and in our workplaces that are eliminating routine responsibilities and creating new roles due to automation and artificial intelligence. 
 According to  PwC’s 2017 CEO Survey , 77% percent of CEOs identified the limited availability of key skills as the biggest threat to their business, ahead of technological advances and changing customer behavior. Which crucial skills are executives finding in short supply? Problem solving, adaptability, creativity, and leadership. 
 Here’s how my hobby of indoor rock climbing has strengthen four pivotal skills that give me a foot up in the workplace: 
 1) Problem solving:  Before I lift a toe off the ground, I swiftly sketch a mental picture of how I’ll climb the route to strategically use my strengths while conserving energy -- increasing my chances of reaching the top of a long, technically tough path. I love seeing how everyone solves problems differently when ascending the same route, even friends who are the same height as me: one of us is more limber so can leverage footholds spread further apart, while another person pushes with more powerful leg muscles, and yet another flexes fancier footwork techniques that make the smallest bumps something stable to balance upon. 
 There’s no wrong way to climb a route, but there’s a way that’s better suited to who you are -- the way that leaves you with the most energy after you’ve reached the top. Similarly, there are many ways to get your job done at work, but the best way leverages your unique combination of strengths and energizes you for the next challenging assignment, rather than burning you out. 
 2) Adaptability:  Midway up the wall on any difficult route, I realize a handhold that I had thought I could grasp remains half an inch out of reach. So I shift perspectives, examining the problem from multiple angles and generating several options on the spot. From this new vantage point, what am I observing that wasn’t in clear view before that can help me now? Easily letting go of my sketched plan and creatively embracing my unexpected situation help me maintain momentum -- both physically and psychologically -- to successfully complete the climb. 
 As a white-knuckled, beginner climber in 2012, I learned two important lessons from temporarily getting stuck 20 feet up on a route that I wanted to finish: 
 
 You must plan and plan to pivot. 
 You must creatively make do with whatever you’ve got, wherever you are. There’s no use wasting time and energy wishing for more resources  (more chalk to powder my perspiring hands for the daring leap I’m about to make!)  or for different circumstances  (if only I had grown an inch taller!) . Figure it out -- and fast. 
 
 3) Creative risk-taking:  My 2- to 3-hour climbing sessions consist of repeated decisions to push past my comfort zone. I intentionally tackle routes rated harder than my level, feature the types of obstacles that pose the most difficulty for me, or hinge upon a technique I haven’t learned how to do, like the pinch grip or the heel hook. 
 The nature of rock climbing helps me swiftly learn from my failures while having so much fun that I can’t wait to get up and go again. Just as often, the outside-of-the-box thinking I apply as I inch upward results in the sheer delight of surprising myself with unanticipated accomplishments. Pulsing between learning from missteps and savoring unexpected success fuels my drive to experiment and execute. This bias-for-action mindset proves just as valuable with extreme sports as with innovation opportunities. 
 4) Collaborative spirit:  Top-rope rock climbing is a team sport, although a casual observer may mistake the climber for a solo athlete and the belayer (who stands on the ground pulling in the rope’s slack) for a safety check. My most rewarding climbs are the ones where my belay partner fully engages in monitoring my ascent and communicates fluidly with me. I’ll ask my belayer for help, whether it’s for ideas on how to reach the next rock or for a different amount of rope tension so I can test out a bold move. I appreciate it when he offers encouragement, coaching, and praise. Even his reassuring bellow to “take your time!” eases my self-imposed pressure and reminds me to breathe deeply then calmly focus on figuring out how to advance. 
 As soon as my feet hit the ground, we switch roles. As I belay, I actively listen with all of my senses for how I can support him. My ears tune into his utterances. My eyes watch his body language for indications that he might appreciate a shout of moral support or a suggestion of where to step. My hands monitor the tugs on the rope, signaling that my partner is wrestling with this section and prompting me to anticipate how I can assist. These 15- to 30-minute collaborative sprints viscerally reminder me that good leaders usher their team members into the spotlight and support them by being fully present, actively listening, and empathetically anticipating their needs -- whether that leadership role is in the gym or in the office. 
 Which hobby have you picked up that sharpens your future-proofing job skills? Share your story in the comments below. 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About Nicole C. Wong 
 Life explorer. Multimedia storyteller. Experience architect. Everything enthusiast. Omnivore epicure. Lindy-hop lover. Living by grace through faith. 
  View all posts by Nicole C. Wong ->  
 This entry was posted in  Career Development ,  Explorations  and tagged  adapability ,  agility ,  creativity ,  investment ,  leadership ,  leadership development ,  learning agility ,  problem solving ,  well-being . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- How to Communicate the Value You Offer at Work 
 So what do you think?  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 MORE WAYS TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH NICOLE 
 
 
   Yahoo! Mail  /nicolecwong 
 
 
 Skype  /nicolecwong 
 
 
   Twitter  /nicolecwong 
 
 
   Linkedin  /nicolewong 
 
 
   Flickr  /nicolecwong 
 
 
   YouTube  /nicolediscovers 
 
 
   Quora  /nicolecwong 
 
 
  Get your own Widget 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Nicole's Latest Tweets 
 
 #PwcProud  that my employer is taking a strong stand to support our democracy   twitter.com/pwcus/status/1…  ~ posted  4 days ago 
 RT @ JoeBiden : No one can tell me that if it had been a group of Black Lives Matter protestors yesterday that they wouldn’t have been treate… ~ posted  1 week ago 
 If you consume only 1 (more) piece of news about today’s chaos at the Capitol, then make it this one. “This is wh…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  ~ posted  1 week ago 
 Working on @ lifeatpwc ’s  #BeWellWorkWell  & People Experience team spreads good cheer every day of the year! So energ…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  ~ posted  3 weeks ago 
 Excited to move into a new role today at PwC as learning-strategist director and put my skills to use in new ways t…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  ~ posted  1 month ago 
 Follow @nicolecwong 
 
 
 
 Search this site 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2019 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 September 2012 
 April 2012 
 February 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 July 2010 
 May 2009 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 How to invest a $1K bonus to sharpen your future-proofing job skills 
 How to Communicate the Value You Offer at Work 
 Education 
 The Multimedia Storyteller 
 How to Find Your Dream Job 
 Trifecta! Golden Gate Bridge reflected in window during a summer sunset 
 Photography tip: Go outside right after it rains 
 Surprise at dusk: Someone surfs, undaunted by darkness 
 When life's waves crash down, do you sink, swim, or surf? 
 What your tweets say about you (or: How to explain Twitter to your grandma) 
 
 
 
 What Nicole blogs about 
 
 100 days 
 beach 
 Boston 
 branding 
 Bulgaria 
 call centers 
 career development 
 CEO 
 christmas tree 
 Colorado Springs 
 Compaq 
 Costa Rica 
 creativity 
 Cupertino 
 downsizing 
 Eastern Europe 
 employment 
 facebook 
 financial turnaround 
 first year 
 food 
 France 
 fun 
 globalization 
 golden gate bridge 
 Hewlett-Packard 
 holiday 
 HP 
 HR 
 India 
 information technology 
 Intel 
 iPad 
 iPhone 
 IT 
 japan 
 job cuts 
 job hunting 
 jobs 
 journalism 
 layoffs 
 linkedin 
 Mark Hurd 
 Mexico 
 nearshoring 
 New York 
 offshoring 
 ornaments 
 osaka 
 Palo Alto 
 photography 
 Poland 
 pummelvision 
 reflection 
 resilience 
 San Francisco 
 Santa Clara 
 Silicon Valley 
 skyline 
 Slovakia 
 social media 
 storytelling 
 Sun Microsystems 
 surfing 
 tech 
 technology 
 telecommute 
 telecommuting 
 tokyo 
 travel 
 Twitter 
 video 
 workers 
 Workplace issues 
 Yahoo 
 
 
 
 this website reflects my personal opinions, not the opinions of any of my employers, past or present. 
 
 
  NICOLE C. WONG  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
