Skip to content 
     
 Words Sweeter Than Honey 
 Menu 
 
 Faith 
 Home Life 
 Dating 
 Marriage 
 Motherhood 
 Self-Esteem 
 Finding Joy 
 Archives 
 
 Tag: Career 
 
 I Don't Have a Five-Year Plan 
 Published on  January 8, 2018January 6, 2019  by  Brandi Leave a comment 
 From the time students start high school they are expected to know what they want to do for the rest of their lives. They are encouraged to choose a "track" or program for the rest of high school to help shape their future education and career. The problem I find with this is that  life is always in flux . 
 When I started college, I knew exactly what I was going to do with my life. Little did I know that three and a half short years later I would be married and on a completely different career path than I went in with (and the journey that I took to get there wasn't a straight shot either). We can make plans all we want, but education and experiences can change things. 
 Because of this, in my life I choose to make  tentative plans over concrete plans . When it comes to the future, my husband and I typically lay out how we could  see  things going while including alternate possibilities and keeping in mind that things could change completely. For example, when we have kids, we aren't sure if we are going to home school or if our children will attend a public school, but we have tentative plans for both. This is important because  if you set your heart on something turning out a certain way and it doesn 't happen, you will be crushed. 
 But what about God's will? I think that in some instances God may have a very specific plan, or specific door, that He intends for us. Other times, however, I think that we have a wide array of doors to choose from, but our attitude is the key. Colossians tells us that no matter what we do, we are to do it in the name of the Lord. I feel that that gives us some freedom in choosing what we do. Want to be a teacher? Do it as if working for the Lord. Want to be a welder? Do it as if working for the Lord. Want to be a business owner? Do it as if working for the Lord. 
 So, for me, there's no five-year plan. I have goals, hopes, and dreams for my career and my family, yet I trust that if the Lord has a specific plan for me I will find it and follow in faith. If He doesn't, I will still treat whatever it is as my calling and do it for the Lord, because  God 's will is sometimes a specific plan, but it's  always  an attitude. 
 With love, 
 Photo credit: unsplash-logoPeter Aschoff 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Website 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories  Archives •Tags  Attitude ,  blog ,  Blogger ,  Career ,  Christian ,  Christian Life ,  Christianity ,  College ,  God's Will ,  Life ,  Life Management ,  Plan ,  School ,  words sweeter than honey 
 Hello, friends! Welcome to Words Sweeter Than Honey where the conversation centers around faith, family, and living a life of love. Thank you for stopping by! 
 Follow Words Sweeter Than Honey on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 How sweet Your words taste to me; they are sweeter than honey. 
 Psalm 119:103 
 Facebook 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets  Search for: 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Why Banning Abortions Isn't Going to Solve the Problem (And Some Ideas on What We Can Do Instead) 
 Joy in 2019 
 Choose to Show Up 
 My First Month as a Mom 
 You Must be 90 Pounds Soaking Wet 
 
 "Today is a wonderful day. I have never seen this one before." -Maya Angelou 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
