Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Intern 1 
 OOCL CANADA INC. 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Customer Service Intern – Focus in Market Research and Process Improvement 
 Toronto, Canada 
 As a world-class provider of innovative logistics and supply-chain services and solutions, OOCL Logistics has an extensive network of more than 130 offices in over 30 countries. We focus on serving customers with global sourcing and supply-chain management needs and creating value through our innovative end-to-end international logistics programs. We are also a leader in providing sophisticated transportation, warehousing and distribution services in the mainland China, offering professional and efficient 3PL and 4PL solutions. As a global company based in Asia, OOCL Logistics is exceptionally positioned to serve both international and domestic customers in the world's fastest-growing markets. 
 We have an immediate opening for a Customer Service Intern domiciled in the greater Toronto area. We seek customer focused candidates, that want to learn international business and will enjoy helping customers with their cargo shipments from all over the world. As a Corporate Customer Service Intern you will have the opportunity to drive process transformation by changing the current state into a more effective and efficient future state, aligned to the department goals and objectives by providing innovative solutions to real business challenges. You will conduct marketing research aimed at developing our current account base by understanding market trends and needs. 
 Job Summary 
 Work with the Customer Service team to: 
Establish CRM systems with our current Canada/US LCL customer data base. Benefiting our customers advisory function helping them to maintain healthy and efficient customer relationships. 
 Qualifications 
 Strong customer-centric approach with an interest in marketing strategy in the Supply Chain industry 
MS Office with immediate to advanced application of Excel skills including Macro Design and other CRM Applications (Data Analytics, Pivot Tables) 
MS SharePoint and Access experience desired, but not required 
Currently pursuing a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Marketing, or similar area of study 
Ability to learn new concepts, apply analytical thinking, multi-task and prioritize projects 
Candidate should be a self-starter and have strong interpersonal communication skills 
 Intern Program Outline: 
OOCL Logistics Internship Program is a 10-12 week full-time program (37.5) hours per week starting in early June and ending in mid August. The Internship Program will cover training on project related responsibilities, ownership of department related projects as well as exposure to senior leadership and other departments within the corporate office for OOCL Logistics. 
 For more information on our company, go to www.oocllogistics.com. Please submit your resume, cover letter and most recent grade transcript for consideration for consideration. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
