Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 E-commerce Associate - Sudbury North 
 Canadian Tire 
 __Greater Sudbury, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you ready to join Canada’s most-shopped general merchandise retailer, with over 500 stores from coast to coast? 
 Canadian Tire offers customers a unique mix of products and services through three specialty categories in which the organization is the market leader: automotive parts, accessories and services; sports and leisure products; and home products. 
 Canadian Tire offers competitive compensation packages that include: benefits, potential for profit sharing, extensive training and career opportunities from within and across the country at Canadian Tire Retail stores. 
 Summary: 
The E-commerce Associate role consists of processing online customer orders and handling customer inquiries, product returns, product exchanges and sales transactions efficiently and professionally. This position requires delivering friendly and courteous service, while processing and assembling customer orders efficiently and correctly. The role also involves the use of an electronic handheld device and/or desktop computer. 
 Main responsibilities and tasks: 
Operates the online orders desk, responding to multiple customer inquiries, requests and concerns in a timely manner, both over the phone and online. 
Picks, packs and processes pick-up and ship-to-home orders in the online orders system. 
Accurately verifies merchandise quantities, descriptions and prices. 
Offers replacement products or substituted products to customers for unpicked quantities. 
Picks products using an employee-facing device (EFD) or from a pick list printed from a desktop computer. 
Picks products that are clear and free of damage to fill orders. 
Confirms the quantities and products, while packing items for the order (basket, bag). 
Updates the online orders system with the quantities, storage and pick-up locations, and reason codes (if applicable) for unpicked quantities. 
Prints receipts and order labels, and attaches receipts to the customer orders. 
Pre-bags the products for each order and puts the products in a storage location close to the customer pick-up area. 
Finds customer orders in the online orders system when the customer arrives for pick-up, verifies the accuracy of the order and completes the order in the online order system. 
Investigates pick-up orders that have not been picked up by the customer. 
Processes returns and exchanges using the computerized system of customer purchases efficiently, following standardized procedures. Follows established policies and procedures on returns and rain checks. 
Deals with challenging situations and conflict resolution in a professional manner. 
Operates a computer, an electronic handheld device, a fax machine, a printer and electronic funds terminals, and enters all relevant codes in Canadian Tire systems. 
 Requirements: 
Customer-oriented individual who thrives on offering exceptional service to customers. 
Strong belief in the Canadian Tire values of honesty, integrity, and respect. 
Excellent organizational and technology skills. 
Effective written and oral communication skills. 
Ability to complete detail-oriented retail tasks in accordance with instructions and to demonstrate responsibility for outcomes. 
Ability to work in a team environment that provides assistance and support to co-workers to achieve common goals. 
Ability to resolve retail and/or customer issues. 
Ability to multitask, adapt and cope with challenging and changing situations. 
Positive attitude, punctuality and solid work ethic. 
 More about the position: 
Potential career opportunities 
 Next levels:  Merchandiser, Cashier Supervisor or Department Manager. 
 Physical demands and working conditions 
 Standing/walking for eight hours. 
Lifting and/or carrying of merchandise items, as required, on a regular, frequent and unassisted basis. Merchandise items may vary in weight from "light" to "heavy." 
 Our offering includes: 
Competitive compensation and benefit package. 
Potential for profit sharing. 
Employee shopping discounts. 
Flexible work hours. 
Learning and development opportunities. 
Scholarships. 
Reward and recognition program. 
A culture of performance and accountability. 
A supportive and positive team environment. 
 Background check requirements: 
As a condition of employment, this position may be subject to the successful completion of the following pre-employment conditions: 
 Reference check. 
Employment verifications. 
Criminal background check. 
Credit check. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise us of any accommodations needed to ensure fair and equitable access throughout the recruitment and selection process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
