Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Spiritual Coordinator 2020-146 
 Broadmead Care Society 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Spiritual Coordinator 
 Contract Opportunity Part-Time 
 Days & hours of work – to be determined 
 Victoria, BC 
 ABOUT BROADMEAD CARE 
 Broadmead Care is a vibrant non-profit health care provider in beautiful Victoria, BC with a reputation for high quality, innovation and leading practices. We are funded by Island Health, Veterans Affairs Canada, BC Housing, and philanthropy to provide a range of services including Long Term Care and adult day programs for Veterans and seniors, and Specialized Long Term Care for adults with disabilities. 
 The staff and volunteers at Broadmead Care share a common Purpose: to build communities where every person can experience wellbeing and happiness. Our commitment is to provide compassionate care that opens the door for extraordinary relationships to flourish that help residents experience a sense of belonging, respect and acceptance and to enjoy life. 
 THE ROLE 
 The Spiritual Coordinator provides comprehensive spiritual care and emotional support to residents, families and staff in a manner that is appropriate to belief systems and cultural diversity. Act as a liaison during crisis intervention and participate in organizations ethics discussions/review as required. Assists in linking to appropriate faith communities. 
 Varied responsibilities that include: 
 · Leads memorial gatherings monthly 
 · Oversees the activities of spiritual visitors and ensures adherence to Broadmead Care policies 
 · Maintains spiritual care standards established by the Canadian Council on Health Services Accreditation 
 · Participates in continuing educational opportunities to enhance professionalism and update knowledge and quality of Spiritual Care Services 
 · Liaise with Ministerial Associations, clergy, parishes and other faith groups, community agencies and serves as a resource to ensure commitment and representation from the community 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 · A graduate of an accredited college or university and an approved Theological School or Seminary, or equivalent. 
 · Satisfactory completion of four units of accredited supervised spiritual education or equivalent. 
 · Experience with volunteer coordination 
 · Experience in long term care or hospital ministry preferred 
 · Proven administrative experience 
 · Supervisory experience 
 · Endorsement by the applicant’s faith group 
 · valid Criminal Records Check for vulnerable adults and children completed by the Criminal Record Review Program; 
 To express your interest in this CONTRACT opportunity, please forward your resume and cover letter by response to this advertisement by December 3, 2020. Subject line in email should read: 2020-146 Spiritual Coordinator Contract. For questions related to the position please contact Melanie Hennig, Vice President, Care & Community Programs at 250-658-3288. To learn more about Broadmead Care and for a detailed job description please visit our website at www.broadmeadcare.com. 
 Reference ID: 2020-146 
 Job Types: Part-time, Contract 
 Benefits: 
 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 supervisory: 1 year (Required) 
 volunteer coordination: 1 year (Required) 
 long term care: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 DCS / DEC (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Theological School or Seminary (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
