Skip to content 
 
 Pastor for Pastors 
 Because Every Pastor Needs a Pastor. 
 Menu 
 
 Twitter  
 Facebook  
 Google+  
 WordPress.com  
 
 January 17, 2018November 27, 2018 Bill Ireland Leave a Comment on Job One 
 Job One 
 In an era of increasing specialization in virtually every field, pastors are among the few remaining "general practitioners." Typical job descriptions run a couple of pages and require a fairly extensive skill set. In any given week, a pastor teaches, preaches, counsels, oversees staff, manages finances, provides vision, sorts through conflict, and performs weddings and funerals. There is always a lot of unfinished business, and the "to do" list is never-ending. 
 Complexity adds to the work load. All pastors have to navigate the maze of spoken and unspoken expectations of their congregations. Every church member has an idea of what the pastor ought to be doing. Every church member has an idea of where the pastor should invest his or her time. Every church member has an agenda item they want the pastor to address to their satisfaction. Pastors who try to fulfill everyone's expectations will never be able to chart a direction for the congregation and will never be able to help a church take hold of its God-given mission. Pastors who attempt to keep everybody happy eventually lose their souls. 
 These realities illustrate something the author, minister, and professor Howard Rice articulated years ago: 
 
 The practice of the ordained ministry today is in constant turmoil and confusion … There is confusion about what a pastor does; there is confusion about how a pastor is to perform ministry. 
 
 In other words, despite the detailed job descriptions and despite congregational expectations, pastors may ask themselves, "What I supposed to be doing here?" What is my first priority? In that light, I wish to call attention to an insight Barbara Brown Taylor offered in her compelling memoir,  Leaving Church: 
 
 …  being ordained is not about serving God perfectly but serving God visibly, allowing other people to learn whatever they can from watching you rise and fall. 
 
 Making the call visible is "job one." Whatever else the job description says, our first priority as ministers of the gospel is to show our congregation and others what it looks like to follow Jesus. Our most critical task is to put ourselves forward, not as the best preacher in the world or as the most compelling visionary leader, but as a person who seeks every day simply to follow Jesus and be obedient to him. We won't get it right all the time. There will be moments when we rise and moments when we fall. But unless we show our people what a Christ-follower looks like, all the other stuff won't amount to much. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by Bill Ireland 
 I have been involved in congregational ministry for over forty years. In that time, I learned firsthand that every pastor needs a pastor. I'd like to use my experience and training to help you in whatever way I can.   View all posts by Bill Ireland  
 Categories  Faith practice ,  Uncategorized 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Work the Ground You Have 
 Next Why We Preach 
 I'm always interested in hearing from you. Please feel free to  contact  me. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 "Extremes Too Hard to Comprehend"  August 10, 2019 
 What It's Like to Go to War (With Ourselves)  August 10, 2019 
 On Finding Your "This"!  March 8, 2019 
 Secure Your Mask First!  March 1, 2019 
 The Scaffolding of Preaching  February 1, 2019 
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 On My Mind 
 Services 
 Testimonials 
 Contact 
 Preaching 
 Leadership 
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
 search previous next tag category expand menu location phone mail time cart zoom edit close 
