If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 Fleet Feet Roanoke](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Roanoke, VA 
 Share 
 
 
 Depends on experience 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Health Insurance, Employee Discounts, Vision Insurance, 401K / Retirement, Dental Insurance 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 Fleet Feet Roanoke is a locally-owned and operated business that has been a staple in the Roanoke community for the past 17 years. Our focus and main goal is to help the Roanoke community to become a healthier and more active place. We are in the business of changing lives. We are seeking people who have a passion for lifetime fitness, who enjoy serving others, and who are capable of providing consistently superior customer experiences. 
 As an Outfitter, you are a key contributor to our brand’s success. Joining Fleet Feet is joining a team and a community that ignites and promotes running and fitness. You will be part of a dynamic group that builds and maintains meaningful relationships with customers, vendors, and peers by listening to customer needs, providing personalized solutions, and, ultimately, outfitting them with everything they need to get started or keep going. We pride ourselves on putting people first and know that what we do each day does not happen anywhere else. We truly believe that running changes everything. 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 Proactive learner and sound decision maker 
 Passionate, positive, self-motivated and detail-oriented 
 Accountable and adaptable 
 Does the right thing 
 Collaborative and customer-centric 
 Willing to go above and beyond when needed 
 Communicate professionally with customers and team 
 Deliver the best customer experience by outfitting each customer that walks through the door 
 Support all Fleet Feet initiatives, activities and functions 
 
 Perks: 
 
 Employer paid health insurance and 401K match available for all full-time employees 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Work in a community focused environment 
 Free Training Programs, Free Fleet Feet Running Club Memberships, race entries, product discounts and gear from vendor partners 
 Passionate team members 
 Wear running shoes to work 
 Closed Sundays 
 Option to work 4 10-hour shifts with 3 days off, or work 5 days with 2 days off 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
