Stushie's Stuff 
 Daily Devotions & Political Cartoons - no Separation issues here! 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 <- 4 Minute Daily Devotions: Arguing Against God - Job 23 v 4 
 2010 Daily devotions: Leaving Our Nets -> 
 4 Minute Devotions: Hopes and fears - Advent 3 - Job 23 v 16 
 Posted on  December 10, 2009  by  Stushie 
 Job 23: 16 God has made my heart faint; the Almighty has terrified me. 
 I feel sorry for Job. He was living at a time when people believed that personal pain and suffering occurred because God was angry with them. This meant that any tragedy was clouded with a terrifying fear that God was punishing the people. Any illness or sickness, any setback or obstacle was seen a sign of God’s wrath. Only repentance and sacrifice would suffice to appease God. Only humility and contrition would placate the Almighty. 
 Thank God then that we are New Testament people! We are no longer bound by those primeval fears. Christ has come into the world to tell us not to be afraid. Christ has given the ultimate sacrifice for all of our mistakes and sins. The threat of divine punishment is no longer to be dreaded. Instead of being terrified of God, we are attracted to Him through the love and grace of Jesus Christ. 
 Out of the 6.5 billion people on this planet, about 5 billion live under the religious fear of God’s wrath. They are terrified of plagues and famines, wars and earthquakes, floods and disasters. They are anxious about offending God and worry over the smallest of mistakes. They constantly spend their resources on appeasing false gods and try to buy divine blessings. Christianity, however, has a real message of hope for all of these people who are plagued by superstition:  Do not be afraid and be of good cheer. 
 In this pre-season of Christmas that we call Advent, we should constantly pray for the world to be open to Christ’s message of goodwill, forgiveness, and peace. It has the potential to save the entire world from its fears and to lovingly restore everyone to God’s favor and blessings. If only Job knew way back then what we know now, he would never have been driven to despair through his fear of God. He could have been comforted, embraced, and encouraged by God through the presence of Jesus Christ in his life. 
 Prayer: Lord Jesus, we all carry hopes and fears in our hearts and minds. We pray that You will diminish our anxieties by graciously responding to our concerns. Guard us and guide us. Embrace us and bless us. In Your Holy Name, we confidently pray. Amen. 
 John Stuart is the pastor of Erin Presbyterian Church in Knoxville, Tennessee. If you would like to comment on today’s message, please send him an email to  pastor@erinpresbyterian.org . He enjoys reading your reflections. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About Stushie 
 I'm originally from Scotland and have been a Presbyterian pastor for over thirty years. I live in Knoxville, TN. I enjoy art as a means of therapy, but also as a creative way to strengthen my spiritual connection to God. 
  View all posts by Stushie ->  
 This entry was posted in  Bible ,  Bible messages ,  Bible studies ,  Bible study ,  Christ ,  Christ's Kingdom ,  Christian apologetics ,  Christian blogs ,  Christian devotions ,  Christianity ,  church growth ,  church meeting devotions ,  daily devotions ,  daily prayers ,  devotions ,  encouragement ,  faith ,  free Bible studies ,  free daily devotions ,  free devotions ,  free small group devotions ,  free small group studies ,  God ,  Gospel ,  Gospel message ,  Guidance ,  healing ,  Holy Spirit ,  Jesus ,  Jesus Christ ,  Kingdom of God ,  mini sermon ,  missions ,  office devotions ,  PC(USA) ,  prayers ,  Presbyterian ,  Presbyterian beliefs ,  Presbyterian devotions ,  Religion ,  religious art ,  religious beliefs ,  religious issues ,  sacrifice ,  salvation ,  short devotions ,  spirituality ,  spreading the Gospel ,  teacher devotions ,  the problem of evil ,  the problem of pain ,  Theology ,  Verse of the Day  and tagged  Advent devotions ,  Christian devotions ,  daily devotions ,  faith devotions ,  Gospel devotions ,  short devotions . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- 4 Minute Daily Devotions: Arguing Against God - Job 23 v 4 
 2010 Daily devotions: Leaving Our Nets -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2019 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 November 2013 
 September 2012 
 July 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 June 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 March 2008 
 February 2008 
 January 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 October 2007 
 September 2007 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 
 
  Stushie's Stuff  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
