Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse (RN) 
 St. Joseph's Villa, Dundas 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is one of Ontario’s largest and most innovative long term care homes. Located in historic downtown Dundas, we are proud to be the second largest organization in the St. Joseph’s Health System. Continuing the mission and legacy of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Hamilton, we are proud to serve our community. 
 We are the largest employer in Dundas. Our campus is conveniently located on a city bus route and offers free parking. We offer a range of challenging, rewarding careers and advancement opportunities for dedicated professionals in a health care environment. 
 Every member of our team matters. 
 St. Joseph’s Villa Employees Benefits include: 
 · Free Membership to our on-site Staff Fitness Centre 
 · Educational Scholarships, Mentorship & Support for Career Advancement 
 · Teaching & Facilitator Opportunities with partnership programs for community colleges, universities and secondary schools 
 · Recognition for Excellence through Annual Service Awards and Applause Awards 
 · Contributions to the HOOP Pension Plan 
 · Health and Wellness Benefits through Manulife Financial (eligibility & enrollment varies) 
 · St. Joseph Health System Employee Rewards/Discount Program 
 · Employee Celebrations through Spirit Committee, Staff Appreciation Week, Nurses Week etc. 
 We are currently seeking a Registered Nurse to join our growing and dynamic team! 
 KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 · Performs all duties in accordance with legislation, the Standards of Nursing Practice of the College of Nurses on Ontario, the College of Nurses Guidelines for Professional Behavior, physicians’ orders, the Mission Statement, Organizational and Management Philosophies and policies and standards of St. Joseph’s Villa 
 · Leads the Care Team in developing and maintaining the Resident Care Plan 
 · Communicates appropriately to provide continual care 
 · Assists in orientation of nursing personnel and mentoring of Student Nurses 
 · In absence of staffing clerk, is responsible for staff replacement 
 · Assists in the development of policies and standards for the Nursing Department 
 · Takes responsibility for maintaining professional competence, seeks guidance when unable to perform required skills competently and shares responsibilities for maintaining and improving both knowledge and skills in the care of the elderly 
 · Participates in in-service education, Villa activities, ad hoc committees, and performs other related duties as required 
 · Contributes to Continuous Quality Improvement initiatives 
 FORMAL EDUCATION 
 · Current Certificate of Registration with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
 · Demonstrated competence in nursing. Demonstrated supervisory and communication skills. 
 · Experience or advanced training in the field of gerontology nursing and psycho geriatric nursing 
 · Excellent organizational, interpersonal skills. 
 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Employee assistance program 
 On-site gym 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 geriatric nursing: 1 year (Preferred) 
 healthcare : 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Nursing (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
