
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 Coaching 
 We're proud to introduce our team of highly experienced coaches! Coming from a variety of professional backgrounds, all have graduated from an accredited Coach training program, and are certified in behavioral style analysis and interpretation. 
 Pricing for Coaching Services 
 You are encouraged to review their profiles and select the right coach for you. 
 
 |  Alvah Parker 
 
 Work/Life Coach 
 "I believe every person has his/her own unique gifts to give. I aid my clients to identify their gifts and find ways to use these gifts in their work and personal lives. I move my clients to action in a way that is supportive, validating, and practical." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 People changing careers or jobs 
 Managers 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Educators 
 
 More About Alvah 
 ---|--- 
|  Lisa Andrews 
 
 Career Coach 
 "I feel it is important to help each person identify the unique abilities, skills, and values they have to offer. I also give my clients two things they need in a successful job search: confidence, and hope. It can be a challenging process, and I'm there to support them as they are transitioning." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Entry level professionals. 
 Mid-level managers. 
 C-Suite executives. 
 Career changers. 
 Veterans and their spouses. 
 
 More About Lisa 
 |  Lenore Mewton 
 
 Career Coach 
 "Bring WHO you are to WHAT that you do" -- that phrase embodies my belief that an individual's internal qualities are their external advantage. As a partner, guide, teacher, and change agent, my goal is to help you discover your greatest ally, your authentic self; be it as an employee, leader, entrepreneur, business person/owner or coach.." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Individuals in career transition 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Developing leaders 
 Small business owners 
 Technical professionals 
 Employees seeking to enhance their careers within organizations 
 
 More About Lenore 
 |  Harry Rodenhi 
 
 Business & Career Coach 
 "I specialize in supporting professionals who find themselves facing career uncertainties or transitions in the fast-paced and dynamic world of high tech. I use an energetic coaching style to support you in clarifying your values, identifying key strengths & abilities and then using these insights to create a personalized value proposition. This becomes the basis for moving forward in the transition while promoting a more balanced work-life perspective." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Individuals or organizations in transition, especially those in high-tech product/service sectors 
 Executives 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Business owners 
 Individuals seeking more fulfillment in their lives/relationships or more growth & success in their jobs/careers 
 
 More About Harry 
 |  Marshall Brown 
 
 Career Coach 
 "I help people move forward and feel passionate about what they do. Life is too short to not be happy. It is my job to ask the powerful questions to help you succeed." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Individuals who want: career satisfaction, passion in their life and work and are willing to develop a plan and take action! 
 Association and not-for-profit professionals 
 Government, military 
 Business owners 
 
 More About Marshall 
 Pricing for Coaching Services 
 For assistance please call 
 1-888-491-8833 
or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com 
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
