Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 (CAN) Temporary Set-up 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Waterdown, ON 
 Apply Now 
 1. A Temporary Setup Associate is typically an Associate who has transferred from another store or department to assist with the establishment of a special Store Layout. 
2. The job is highly physical - a key component of the job involves moving modular/fixtures may need to be moved about the store. 
3. The job is highly variable - many different projects require forms of setup. 
4. Duties are of a general nature and are assigned by the ASM. 
5. Duties are not typically customer facing. 
6. Duties do not require the handling of cash, narcotics, or other highly sensitive product. 
 Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Position Summary... 
To provide exceptional customer service and assist in salesfloor operations in order to ensure a positive shopping experience and drive customer loyalty. 
 What you'll do... 
 1. A Temporary Setup Associate is typically an Associate who has transferred from another store or department to assist with the establishment of a special Store Layout. 
 2. The job is highly physical - a key component of the job involves moving modular/fixtures may need to be moved about the store. 
 3. The job is highly variable - many different projects require forms of setup. 
 4. Duties are of a general nature and are assigned by the ASM. 
 5. Duties are not typically customer facing. 
 6. Duties do not require the handling of cash, narcotics, or other highly sensitive product. 
 Minimum Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
