[ 
 Living Income Guaranteed 
 by Equal Life Foundation 
 ](https://livingincomeguaranteed.wordpress.com/) 
 
 
 
 
 The Proposal 
 Who Are We? 
 Live Google Hangouts 
 Discuss 
 Other Languages 
 
 Debt as Wages and Steve Jobs 
 Posted on  December 24, 2015 
 By  Rebecca Dalmas 
 I read this article  here , about capitalism. The part where debt was used to allow for declining wages, as, according to the article, began in the 70’s here in America, shows how we perceptually revalue things, as an ability within each of us. In this case, in this article, the measure of earnings and money lending, used resources and labor and reconfigured it is such a way to allow greater amounts of money to accumulate into the hands of a few. No doubt, the law industry also benefitted from this, as schemes were ordered, constructed to support that change via that measure of using debt to pay wages. 
 And the media, as this was running full steam by the time we hit the 70’s , filled in the dreams of what one could do within taking out loans and building that home. All the while, as one is so occupied with the dream, the hope, the desire, that looking at how debt was being used to pay wages was not noticed. Were it , and perhaps there was the lone whistle blower that had no space to voice their concerns, as the media was already owned by those who had accumulated enough wealth to construct lending structures that were a means of hiding lowering wages. 
 What is astounding is the obvious in all of this. This means that humans are the means to investigate form and ‘ pull on the stings of formation’ in time and space, and that no one human being can be more than another in this system, as all parts are needed to do what is a form that is devious by definition and presented as a false positive. Hence, no few can own anything that is the structural foundation of being a living person on this earth. 
 This reminds me of what Steve Jobs was quoted to have said towards the very end of his life. He said that what he owned and the power he had were meaningless. These were things he could not take with him. It was the connection to others, that was the value. Hence he realized the value was being, was living, was being present here. He realized that this game that we have all accepted and allowed of winning power and things, is the illusion. And as we see, within the debt use of wage support and the slight of hand going on behind the racing to win a home ONLY,  is game we as a collective accept and allow that is not what is best for us. The consequence of this game, is that the debt is now the elephant in the room, and the laborers, the ones that are the parts that built this, are too expensive and can be replaced by automation, leaving fewer jobs. This leaves fewer possibilities for humans to realize their value, which is to interact with others and do what men can do, which is to come up with new ways of doing things, as a group, because this is how this is done, on this planet where resources cannot be owned unless it is believed to be a truth, when it is not. Steve Jobs makes this clear. 
 A basic income, a  Living Income  Guarantee , would be to realize that value Steve Jobs was talking about. Perhaps, he would still have discovered with the many others he discovered with, his discoveries would have happened, yet they would have happened in tandem with really living the value being life; meaning he would have had the time to discover and investigate and come up with new ways of doing things, and spend time enjoying his family and his community and the many values on this earth, as the plants and the animals, and the soils. Obviously, Steve jobs does not exist alone, he is a part of the whole. And, perhaps he is the consequence of what came before, birthed into existence as the sum of development that existed before him. This would mean that he is you , he is life in another form. If he is this, as this is how this works, this is a movement, in a way, that is a celebration of life. It is such a huge and great thing; it means that the value of creation is being and playing with what is formed and realizing in word and deed and thought,  that we create what is here, and it is all of us working together that is the value. 
 It is time to remove this pyramid scheme of inequality to life. It is time to realize that poverty is a crime against life. It is time to realize, in deed and systemic form that war is a crime, it is destructive as it is not transformative - it is not using what men can do  in constructive ways to create a world where life on this earth is dignified in and as the practice of realizing the value is being here, interacting with others, realizing their perspective to build awareness and to come up with new ways of doing things that improve and respect this physical manifestation of life. We can do this, we can stand together, as we have done, and stand as what is best for all. It is said that one cannot know what is outside of one’s awareness, yet the steps forward are visible, one needs only take that step to see the next. I mean, this is how this is done! Support a  Living Income Guarantee . Time to create a systemic form that is the voice and structure of realizing the value is being life. 
 Investigate the  Living Income Guaranteed  Proposal 
 
 The Living Income Blog 
 Living Income Discussions on Google Hangout (Done Weekly) 
 The Living Income Discussion Board 
 Equal Life Foundation – Site 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Best for All ,  Capitalism ,  Common Sense ,  Economic Efficiency ,  Wages  and tagged  automation ,  best for all ,  capitalism. wages ,  end of life ,  equal life foundation ,  law ,  LIG ,  liiving income ,  media ,  money ,  problems ,  resources ,  solutions ,  Steve Jobs ,  the seventies ,  wealth accumulation . 
 
  Micro Credits - A Solution For Poverty? 
 The Refugee Crisis: A Wake Up Call to the Devaluation of Life  
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 838 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Living Income Guaranteed 
 
 Living Income Guaranteed 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Austerity Measures: Can They Be Justified? 
 The Refugee Crisis: A Wake Up Call to the Devaluation of Life 
 Debt as Wages and Steve Jobs 
 Micro Credits - A Solution For Poverty? 
 Stopping Exploitation with a Living Income Guaranteed 
 Blame Welfare Recipients.. or Implement a Solution? 
 The Capital is Mine 
 A Permanent Solution for the Neglected Produce Laborers of Mexico 
 Life Isn't Supposed to be this Hard 
 How the Living Income Guaranteed Will promote Environmental Sustainability 
 The Math is Simple: We Need a Living Income Guaranteed 
 Hidden Fees and the Presumption of Benefit 
 Understanding the current form of Democracy for the purpose of Redefining and Redesigning it 
 What is Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)? Part 2 
 What is Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)? 
 
 Categories 
 
 Accountability 
 Activism 
 Administration of Resources 
 Advertising 
 Animal Rights 
 Arts 
 Automatization 
 Banking Industry 
 Basic Income Guaranteed 
 Basic Needs 
 Best for All 
 BIG Namibia Project 
 Birth Right 
 Budget 
 Businesses 
 Cabal Groups 
 Capital 
 Capitalism 
 Cashless Society 
 Change the World System 
 Charity 
 Citizenship Shareholding 
 Civil Liberties 
 Civil Rights 
 Class Division 
 Collectivism 
 Colonialism 
 Common Sense 
 Communism 
 Competition 
 Consumerism 
 Consumption 
 Cooperatives 
 Corporate Social Responsibility 
 Corporation 
 Corruption 
 crimin 
 Criminality 
 Criticism 
 Culture 
 Currency 
 Data Sharing 
 Debt 
 Debt Forgiveness 
 Democracy 
 Digitalized Currency 
 Dignified Living 
 Economic Change 
 Economic Discrimination 
 Economic Efficiency 
 Economic Growth 
 Economic Reform 
 Economics 
 Education 
 Elite 
 Employment 
 Environmental Policy 
 Equal Life Foundation 
 Equality 
 Ethics 
 Family 
 Financial Independence 
 Financial Sector 
 Food and Nutrition 
 Free Choice 
 Free Market 
 Freedom 
 Global Economy 
 Goods and Services 
 Government 
 Habits and Lifestyle 
 Happiness 
 Health Care 
 Honor 
 Housing 
 Human Creativity 
 Human Nature 
 Human Rights 
 Human Rights Violations 
 ideologies 
 Immigration 
 Imperialism 
 Incapacity 
 Indoctrination 
 Industries 
 Inequality 
 Inflation 
 Infrastructure 
 Integrity 
 Investments 
 Job Creation 
 Justice 
 Labor 
 Law 
 Leadership 
 Liberalism 
 Lifestyle 
 Livi 
 Living Income Guaranteed 
 Living Rights 
 Luxuries 
 Machines 
 Market Forces 
 Marketing 
 Media 
 Medical Profession 
 Microcredit 
 Middle Class 
 Mind Technology 
 Minimum Wage 
 Money 
 Money Supply 
 Motivation 
 Nationalism 
 Nationalization of Resources 
 Neoliberalism 
 Oil Industry 
 Parental Support 
 Parenting 
 Pensions 
 Planned Economy 
 Planned Obsolescence 
 Politics 
 Pollution 
 Poverty 
 Power 
 Power of Acquisition 
 Prevention 
 Pricing 
 Private Ownership 
 Production 
 Profit 
 Profit Motive 
 Profit Share 
 Propaganda 
 Psychology 
 Public Relations 
 Qualification for Basic Income 
 Quality Standards 
 Redestribution of Wealth 
 Religion 
 Research 
 Resource Management 
 Resources 
 Respect 
 Satisfaction 
 Savings 
 Scarcity 
 Science 
 Sedition 
 Self Development 
 Self Expression 
 Self Sustainability 
 Skill Development 
 slave labor 
 Social Capitalism 
 Social Development 
 Social Dividends 
 Social Engineering 
 Social Responsibility 
 Socialism 
 Statistics 
 Supply and Demand 
 Sustainability 
 Taxation 
 Technological Unemployment 
 Technology 
 Theory 
 Trade 
 Transparency 
 Transportation 
 Treason 
 Trust 
 Value 
 Vocation 
 Wages 
 War 
 War Industry 
 Waste 
 Welfare 
 Western Viewpoint 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 September 2015 
 May 2015 
 March 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 January 2014 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 We teamed up with Eventbrite 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
