__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Coach Profile 
 Pamela J. Green, MBA, SPHR, ACC 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 My clients always walk away with a good sense of who they are, where they want to go, how they will get there and who/what can help them achieve their goals. They will feel a strong sense of motivation accompanied by realistic plan forward after working with me. 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 Promotions, improved relationships, improved sense of self-worth, and a feeling of being focused and headed in the right direction. 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 Pam has taught me that clarity and focus are two important elements. With her help I was able to effectively design a dynamic and transferable action plan for my professional and personal life. Thank you Pam! 
 P. Bloomfield, M.A. Ed. 
 The main challenges I experienced were exposed and addressed with this intensive coaching. I will continue to leverage this experience as a business leader as a result of my time spent with Pam. 
 Jennifer C., MBA 
 Working with Pam Green helped address career and staff challenges that I faced while providing me with tools that I can use long term. In addition, the ability to work with a coach who understands leadership and the environment in which I work was an added bonus for me. 
 W. Little-Coffey, MBA CAE 
 "I found the Mastermind to be an extremely rewarding experience. The exercises & group discussions were thought provoking & helped me to evaluate what changes I needed to make to help further my career. Having the support of other women in the field was invaluable, as having shared a lot of the same experiences we were able to bounce ideas off of one another & collect honest & credible feedback. To receive the superior level of direction & training from a seasoned HR professional such as Pam Green in any other career development program would've been highly unlikely. I'd recommend the Mastermind to any woman seeking to take her HR career to the next level & simply needing some support & direction to accompany her on her journey." 
 Tiffany H. 
 "...The opportunity to connect with HR professionals at all levels and work collectively to build upon our individual skills is invaluable. Pamela Green, is a true professional and I'm honored to have had the opportunity to work with her on both an individual and group level." 
 Jalisa G. 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 I believe in putting people at ease and helping them to see who they are and where they are so they can put their energies into moving in the right direction. I enjoy working with clients who are ready to take their brands, their careers, and their organizations to the next level. I believe that that given the right support everyone can achieve breakthrough performance and results. My primary role as the coach is to help illuminate what already exists within my client and then work to help them pave the way to their next big thing. 
 What strengths do you have as a coach? 
 
 I bring real world experiences (from staff to c-suite and board levels) to every coaching relationship. This experience allows me to adjust my coaching style to meet the client where they are now and to help guide them to where they want to go. 
 I listen on a deep level, especially to what isn't being said by my client. 
 I am active and credible in the business community, which makes me relatable to my clients. 
 I ask provocative questions to promote thinking and insights and provide relevant tools and resources to facilitate deeper learning. 
 I work with the client to co-create positive results; so the change the client is seeking is achieved and sustained. 
 
 What types of clients do you work with? 
 Most of my clients are mid to executive level business professionals and leaders who work within for-profit and non-profit organizations. 
 What is your professional background? 
 I am a collaboration, conflict resolution and coaching leader with more than 30 years of professional experience having served as a Supervisor, Manager, Director, Chief Executive, Board Chair and now as President of Pamela J Green Solutions, LLC. 
 I have earned a Bachelor’s of Science Degree and my MBA from Franklin University in Columbus, Ohio. In addition to my education, I hold certifications as an Internal Conflict Coach (ICC), an SPHR from the Human Resource Certification Institute (HRCI) and a Professional Certified Coach (PCC) from the International Coach Federation (ICF). 
 After nearly 10 years with the American Red Cross, I joined SHRM as Regional Director and within 18 months was promoted to Chief Membership Officer, where I served as the chief promoter of global membership, member engagement, and retention initiatives. My work resulted in year over year revenue and membership growth during an economic recession and launched a demand for my speaking, training and facilitation expertise. 
 After a wonderful relationship with SHRM, my desire to enhance the leadership expertise of professionals in the business community grew stronger. With these goals in mind, I became a Business Strategist, Management Consultant and Executive Coach, where I now focus on helping business leaders avoid strategic drift and achieve business outcomes. Over the past 8 years I have applied Process Facilitation, Consultation, Coaching, Change Management, Team Building, Training and Development approaches to help clients achieve their organizational and professional goals. 
 Ready To Get Started With Pamela? 
 Order online below. Once your order is received, a member of our team will contact you directly to facilitate the connection to your coach. 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
