Skip to content 
 Welcome to Donna's Place 
 Coaching with hope through challenging times. 
 Primary Navigation Menu 
 Menu __ 
 
  Donna Designs Etsy Shop 
 Photos By Design 
 Essential Oils and Suppliments 
 Shop DL Designs with Vida 
 Subscribe 
 
 Books of the Bible - Part 4 Ezra - Job 
 By:  Donna (DL) 
 On: April 2, 2015 
 In:  Trusting Jesus 
 With:  0 Comments 
 Here we are at Ezra, and God is showing the way for the people to return from Babylon to the Promised land, and one group led by Ezra. 
 The temple was rebuilt, with much opposition and worshipping the Lord God started back up; The people during this time, realized that they have to not sin, and not have mixed marriages as the previous generations had done. 
 Again, we can rejoice in second chances - even after commiting the worst of crimes, sins, or whatever - repent, humble and God honors us as we humble our hearts unto him. 
 Nehemiah 
 Nehemiah was governor of Canaan when God's people returned from Babylon. The walls of Jeruselem were rebuilt, and Ezra leads the people of God in worship. He drawere near in prayer, and expresses the deep need he has to depend on God. 
 How does God want you to serve people? Pray, ask him to guide you, so you will complete the goal he has for your life. 
 Esther 
 What a woman of God Esther was. Strong, resilient and remarkable wisdom. Her people were being exiled and the enemies threatened to destroy them all. God is not mentioned in this book, but you know he reliance is on Him. He is her King. She became queen so that what Haman had taken away from their kinsmen, would be restored. 
 God is again, so faithful. Relate to that today, and even in evilness, God helps you - us, overcome! 
 Job 
 What a book. What a man. Job was highly favored by God. Job loved God so much, and God knew that. Oh, did Job go through trials. But he stayed faithful to God. His Parasitical friends basically bashed his faith in God, including his own wife! Can you imagine? They came up with all kinds of sins, and reasons why Job must have brought all the problems on himself. Really? !!!! Not. 
 No where in the bible does it say anything about living a life without trials. In fact it says we will have trials and tribulations. But God. He always is in the midst of every single thing we go through. 
 Remember one other thing, we believe in God, and there is a very real enemy, Satan - who wants to destroy our lives because we walk upright in God. Stay strong and determined to never let the enemy into your territory! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 2015-04-02 
 Previous Post:  The books of the Bible ~ Part 3 
 Next Post:  Books of the Bible, Psalms, Proverbs, Ecclesiates, Isaiah 
 You must  log in  to post a comment. 
 Subscribe to blogs and newsletters 
 Enter to get updates and encouragement. 
 Join 417 other subscribers 
 email address 
 Follow 
 Purchase Forever Hope by DL Rudd 
 DL's Story of HOPE through many struggles, death and challenges in life. Find out how DL got through the loss of her husband and two babies. Purchase your copy today. Click link below: 
 Forever Hope by DL Rudd 
 Water at the Well Coaching 
 Has life become overwhelming? Is there too much baggage in your mind that keeps you up at night? Have you gone through a death that has you left empty and sad? Contact Donna for a free 30 minute session to see how you can have breakthrough in your life! 
 Water at the Well Life Coaching 
 Invite Donna to speak at your next event 
 Do you have an event that revolves around the Hope that only God can give? Contact Donna to speak at your next engagement. She offers a wealth of experience. Being widowed for over 20 years, raising three sons as a young mom. Burying two babies who died at birth amongst other life events that could have had her live a less than life. She speaks with empathy and compassion and with laughter and smiles. Contact Donna today to have her share with your group! 
 
 Privacy Policy  Designed using  Unos . Powered by 
 __ 
 __ 
 No products in the cart. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
