Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 What Is a Cover Letter for a Job Application? Details and Examples 
 __ Nov 28 Dec 7  __ Omri Shabath 
 You’ve finally found the job of your dreams! You have all the skills the company requires, now all you have to do is apply for the position. 
 Full of enthusiasm, you head over to the application site, but, uh oh, they’re asking you for a cover letter. You stop dead in your tracks thinking, “What is a cover letter for a job application?!” 
 Don’t worry, writing a great cover letter is super simple. We’ll show you how to create a brilliant cover letter that will seal the deal with your future employer! 
 What Is a Cover Letter? 
 A cover letter is a one-page document that lets your future employer know which position you are applying for, and why you are the best candidate for the job. 
 Think of your cover letter as a sales pitch. Highlight your achievements, show off your personality, and blow them away with your enthusiasm. 
 Keep your cover letter short and sweet. Don’t ramble on or repeat the same information that is on your resume. 
 Remember to keep the letter focused on your professional achievements. Recruiters don’t need to know about your childhood pets. 
 Some companies don’t ask for a cover letter, but there is no harm in sending one anyway. It will show that you have put extra effort into your job application. 
 Writing a cover letter is a breeze, just like generating paystubs on PayStub Creator. Create  real check stubs  in a matter of minutes, no subscription required! 
 Cover Letter Structure 
 A professional cover letter is written using the following structure: 
 Heading 
 The first thing your cover letter should contain is your contact details. Below this, you should write the date, followed by the employer’s contact details. 
 Then, write a greeting. If possible, address the hiring manager by name. 
 Avoid writing “To whom it may concern” as this phrase is worn out and generic.  Try these alternatives  instead. 
 Introduction 
 The first few sentences of your cover letter are the most important. 
 Begin your letter by stating which job you are applying for. Explain where you heard about the job, particularly if someone from that company referred you. Then, briefly describe how your skills or accomplishments match the position. 
 Body 
 Your body should be at least 2 paragraphs long. Here, you explain why you are interested in the job and why you are the best candidate. 
 This is where you need to really sell yourself. Don’t just rehash your resume. 
 Avoid writing skills like “good team leader.” Instead, explain the outcomes of these skills. For example, “I successfully led a team of sales agents. Together, we achieved 140% of our sales target.” 
 Discuss your relevant education level, skills, and work experience. Tie these back to the original job posting to show that you can fulfill the employer’s needs. 
 Conclusion 
 Thank the employer for considering your application. 
 Then, include a call to action. This ends your cover letter on a confident note. “I look forward to meeting with you to discuss this position in more detail” is a lot more positive than “I hope you hear from you soon.” 
 Sign off with “Sincerely”, or “Best Regards” and then your name. 
 Include your signature at the bottom of the letter. 
 Now You’ll Never Have to Ask “What Is a Cover Letter for a Job Application?” 
 Now you know the answer to “what is a cover letter for a job application”, you can practice writing a letter that will blow recruiters away. 
 Soon, the job offers will come flying in! 
 Browse through our other articles for more helpful career insights! 
 Posted in  Career 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 5 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
