Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Math Instructor 
 Mathnasium of Somerset 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Company description 
 At Mathnasium - The Math Learning Center, our educational philosophy revolves around teaching math in a way that makes sense to kids, 2nd grade through high school, and helping them gain confidence in their math knowledge with the goal of helping them improve in their math education. We focus on strengthening math fundamentals by building math skills and number sense. We change lives through math and are hiring like-minded, passionate instructors that want to serve students in Calgary! We set ourselves apart by creating an environment that is supportive, encouraging, energetic, and most importantly, FUN! 
 Job description 
 We are hiring a Math Instructor at Mathnasium of Somerset, who is exceptional at teaching math and loves children. We love math and are looking for enthusiastic instructors to help children understand math like never before! 
 At Mathnasium of Somerset, we offer flexible hours (8 to 20 hours per week). Hours involve weekdays and weekends. Candidates must be ready to teach in center (opening soon) & online with our Mathnasium @home and be prepared to engage with students during session hours. 
 Candidates will be asked to take a math literacy test to demonstrate math proficiency. 
 Required Qualifications: 
 
 
 Ability to teach math at any or all levels. Positions available for elementary Math Instructors and for high school Math Instructors 
 
 
 Candidates must undertake an employment Math Assessment. 
 
 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
 
 
 Ability to communicate professionally and build a rapport with parents, colleagues, and students of all ages. 
 
 
 Passionate about math and education. 
 
 
 Willingness to learn and apply the "Mathnasium Method" is essential 
 
 
 Previous teaching experience or other experience working with children (teaching, tutoring, coaching, camp counselor, etc.) 
 
 
 Must provide Police Vulnerable Sector Check, if offered employment. 
 
 
 Process of Hiring 
 
 
 Must Pass a Math Literacy Test (takes approximately 90 minutes). 
 
 
 Must attend Shadow Training. 
 
 
 Must complete Mathansium Certified Training Program. 
 
 
 If you are interested in joining our team, please send a resume detailing your educational background, proficiency in math, teaching experience or other experience working with children. 
 Part-time hours: 8-20 per week 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Salary: $15.00-$19.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Flexible schedule 
 Work from home 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
