Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Portfolio Property Manager - Residential 
 FirstService Residential, Ontario 
 __Collingwood, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Do you aim high? Are you genuinely helpful? Are you looking for a place where you can make a difference, receive ongoing support and training, and build a rewarding, long-lasting career? Then you may be a good fit for FirstService Residential, North America’s foremost property management firm. We’re all about our associates, and as we continue to grow, we’re looking for even more quality people who share our dedication to doing what’s right, improving residents’ quality of life, building great relationships and truly making a difference for their clients, their colleagues and themselves. Is that you? If so, we think you should get to know us. 
 Job Responsibilities 
 Provide strong leadership and management direction on behalf of Board of Directors and First Service Residential. Key responsibility is to oversee the entire operation and consistently adhere to and execute the mission and vision of the Board and community. Manager position has oversight of all aspects related to the business and operations of the community. The purpose of this role is to create a single point of contact in the community, enhance communication and create effective oversight of staff and operations. Manager has the sole duty of the day-to-day operations, legal compliance and overall oversight of the association and staff. 
 Essential Duties & Responsibilities 
 The job duties listed are typical examples of the work performed by positions in this job classification. Not all duties assigned to every position are included, nor is it expected that all positions will be assigned every duty. 
 
 Provide leadership and direction in the development of short-term and long-range plans. Develop recommendations for goals and action plans to achieve Board objectives. Lead annual goal setting. 
 In partnership with the Board, create, or cause to be created, and implement the annual working budget, subject to approval by the Board of Directors 
 Review organization structure, job descriptions, and functions. Make recommendations to the Board as to any potential changes. 
 Implement preventative maintenance programs 
 Perform Administrative duties as required:: taking minutes for Board meetings and AGM, maintain and update files 
 Negotiate and manage vendor contracts 
 Support the activities of the various Board sub-committees. 
 Knowledge of all Community Governing documents, Legislation and Human rights 
 Provide community leadership and guidance to ensure that the needs or desires of the homeowners are being addressed.. 
 Monitor and report on the monthly financial position of the association. 
 Provide leadership to each meeting involving the Board of Directors in terms of agenda support and written and oral reports. Summarize the priorities of each meeting with appropriate follow up. 
 Train and supervise all community staff in accordance with the documented management plan, if applicable. 
 Work closely with local emergency organizations to maintain established emergency and community evacuation plans as appropriate. 
 Assess and monitor community needs: identify opportunities for improving service delivery methods and procedures and developing new programs. Implement programs or improvements. 
 Attend and participate in professional group meetings. Stay abreast of new trends and innovations in fields of community management and community programming. 
 On-site visibility throughout the common areas and facilities. 
 Understanding of all agreements for corporate implementation. 
 Ensure adherence to master calendar, maintenance calendar, association budgets and subsidy program. 
 Review corporation policies on an ongoing basis to ensure compliance with civil code, declaration and other requirements of governing institutions. 
 Perform building inspections of interior and exterior of property and prepare action plan for opportunities. 
 Shall at all times ensure due diligence for the protection of client’s funds, property and assets against all reasonably foreseeable contingencies or losses. 
 
 Additional Duties & Responsibilities 
 
 Practice and adhere to FirstService Residential Global Service Standards. 
 Perform or assist with any operations as required to maintain workflow and to meet schedules. Notify supervision of unusual equipment or operating problems and the need for additional material and supplies. 
 May participate in any variety of meetings and work groups to integrate activities, communicate issues, obtain approvals, resolve problems and maintain specified level of knowledge pertaining to new developments, requirements, policies, and regulatory guidelines. 
 Ensure all safety precautions are followed while performing the work. 
 Follow all policies and Standard Operating Procedures as instructed by Management. 
 Perform any range of special projects, tasks and other related duties as assigned. 
 
 Supervisory Responsibility 
 On-site staff where applicable 
 Education & Experience 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Business or related field from an accredited college or university, and three years experience in Property Operations, Hospitality or Construction; or equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 Must have any Province specific certifications and licenses or they are preferable of not required by the state. 
 Management experience in a small or medium-sized organization including responsibility for more than one functional department or division preferred. 
 Understanding of physical building management, Condominium law, financial planning and law affecting property management. 
 
 Knowledge, Skills & Proficiencies 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability required. 
 
 Is committed to continual learning as evidenced by attendance at industry programs and industry and educational opportunities that enhance interpersonal skills. 
 Display strong written skills and publish appropriate documentation as directed to create records for the corporation; particularly in the area of operations, and relationship management. 
 Experience managing a Shared facility and separate Shared facility Budget considered an asset 
 Solid understanding of Performance Audit, Tarion warranty process and Reserve fund study ( considered a strong asset) 
 Possess budgetary knowledge and control for the purpose(s) of executing programs within the community as well as related activities that may be cost-shared for the benefit of the community. 
 Display a community posture that positively represents the vision of the association/community. 
 Effectively communicate so as to instill confidence in the homeowners that reside within the community as well as the public that may interact through designated programs. 
 Intermediate knowledge of Microsoft Applications, especially Word and Excel 
 Must be goal minded and possess a self-starting drive to get the job done. 
 Ability to listen to others, collaborate, and resolve conflict. 
 Protect the confidential nature of the work as appropriate 
 Executive decision-making capabilities. 
 Demonstrates good client interaction and visibility. 
 Demonstrates effective oral and written communication skills. 
 Organizational and time management abilities with the ability to implement and monitor progress for successful completion; working well under pressure and deadlines. 
 
 Tools & Equipment Used 
 Computer and peripherals, standard and customized software applications and tools, and usual office equipment. 
 Physical Requirements / Working Environment 
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an associate to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 The work environment characteristics are normal office conditions at an onsite community. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. Hours over and above normal office hours will occur, including evenings, holidays, and some weekends. Schedule is subject to change based on business needs. 
 Travel 
 You will be required to travel around the Collingwood area to the multiple properties you oversee. 
 Disclaimer 
 The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. This is not an all-inclusive job description; therefore, management has the right to assign or reassign schedules, duties and responsibilities to this job at any time. 
 FirstService Residential welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 “  INDLON  ” “  INDLON  ” 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Residential Property Management: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 CMRAO (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
