Skip to content 
 
 Wonderwall 
 My 360: wonderwalls,theatre, travel, Sheffield, books… 
 Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Sheffield 
 
 
 Theatre 
 
 
 Book 
 
 
 Wonderwall 
 
 
 6 word story 
 
 
 Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly 
 
 
 Hull 
 
 
 Hot Chocolate 
 
 
 Shakespeare 
 
 
 Gold Post Box 
 
 
 Music 
 
 
 homelessness 
 
 
 About Wonderwall 360 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Edinburgh 
 
 
 Dementia 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Category: Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly 
 Blogmas: Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: My current role 
 I started a new role January 2020 in administration. It was a change on direction from my previous career in clinical trials due to my latest position in clinical trials ending as it was maternity cover. I felt excited to work in a different sector. 
 It does not seem real that I have been doing the role for nearly a year. Administration seems to be a skill in itself when sole purpose of role rather than having a job where do your own administration due to the precision required; I still feel very new! Since March I have worked at home alone due to the pandemic. To clarify I'm not completely alone as we can keep in contact with technology but it is not quite the same and think I I have missed out on information I would have naturally absorbed from discussions around our desks if I had been in the office. 
 In 2021 I foresee several more months working from home and developing on the role. 
 How has 2020 been for you career? 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  December 9, 2020November 30, 2020 Categories  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly 3 Comments on Blogmas: Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: My current role 
 Hump Day Careers: International Clinical Trials Day 
 Today is International Clinical Trials Day as it the anniversary of the first clinical trial by James Lind in 1747 into the causes of scurvy. Today there is research being done to find a covid vaccine / treatments. Any drug or vaccine that is developed needs to undergo rigorous clinical trials. Therefore there is numerous roles in this sector and have performed a few of these one the past. 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  May 20, 2020 Categories  Misc ,  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly 1 Comment on Hump Day Careers: International Clinical Trials Day 
 Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: W to the F and the H and what do you get WFH… 
 Many people are doing the WFH at the moment or if you are not familiar with office jargon working from home. 
 
 
 
 I thought I would share some of how WFH is going for me. My alarm is set at the same time it was when going to work 7am. And I log on by 8.30. However, I have been lie in longer. So the gap between getting up and logging on has been decreasing. 
 It happened so quick it was hard to get ideal office set up. At the moment my laptop is on top of a pile of books (photo on Instragram Wonderwall360);I have plugged in a separate keyboard and mouse as for my neck, I like my screen high up. 
 We have a team video call most days at 10am for informal chat to replicate saying hello in the morning. We also have a virtual chat group which I people may say hello on in the morning. There is someone who is conscientiously splitting time between home schooling and full day of work divided into blocks alternated with blocks with his children therefore he uses the chat to log on and off. The 10am meeting means between my dressed kind of work appropriate at least top half. So no strapless tops / dresses. I may be wearing a decent top albeit perhaps tie dye but with jogging bottoms. I kind of don’t want to waste wear and tear of proper work clothes at home. I was wearing dresses and bare legs at one point but my home office does not get the sun so was bit chilly to do that. 
 It can feel less productive than being in the office for example can not just ask a question to someone next to you and keep going. Instead contacting then takes time and interrupts your flow. Not being in the office you interrupt each other less conveniently again affect flow of work. 
 Due to nature of my job then I’m finding it simple to log off after I have done my required hours; this may not have been the case in other roles I have done. 
 It On a Friday at 5pm we have a virtual meeting set up for drinks to help people transition to the weekend. Not everyone attends those. 
 It can be tedious feeling chained to the laptop alone , in an empty house during the day. However I feel lucky that I’m earning my usual wage. I think without working fulltime, I would be very bored with so many hours to fill alone. Although we are working remotely at least working means I will get some human interaction each day. 
 This is my current work life. Are you still able to work? Are you WFHing? 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  May 13, 2020May 13, 2020 Categories  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly 1 Comment on Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: W to the F and the H and what do you get WFH… 
 Wonderwall360: Hump Day Careers : Virtual Teams 
   
 I imagine some of you like myself are working in virtual teams at the moment. 
 I have worked in virtual teams across the global. I do find it helps to have met in person the people you work with. 
 April 6 years ago I was in Billerica. A unit of my company who’s work downstream from me was vital to me was transferring work from Billerica office to South Africa office. Therefore myself and South African managers flew over to Billerica. 
 As well as the meetings and work in the office; the socialisation outside the office helped to bond us as a team. 
 
 
 
 I arrived late at night. In addition to the first night, I was there for a further 2 nights. The first night we went out for Japanese teppanyaki restaurant where chef cooks food in front of you. Therefore that was great fun. The last night was a Friday night, myself and South African colleagues spent evening in the mall. I shopped independently then met to go back to the hotel. On the Saturday we started a duck boat tour of Boston together; we split partway round as their flight was earlier than mine. 
 Of course I first met my current team before we started working virtually, which is advantage. Another current benefit of my current virtual team is the fact in the same time zone which was not with previous virtual teams worked in. 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  April 29, 2020April 26, 2020 Categories  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly Leave a comment on Wonderwall360: Hump Day Careers : Virtual Teams 
 Hump Day Careers: Working on a Cruise Ship 
 Saw this article about cruising for free! But the technique is to work on them. Not sure whether that would be as fun as my recent British Isle cruise. 
 https://holidayroyalway.com/the-most-exciting-way-to-spend-the-summer/ 
 I think, it the staff on cruise ships probably work very hard with only a day or two off a week. Also I presumed they do not get to use ships dinning rooms and if they did it would feel pretty strange getting served by colleagues. Don't know whether they get to use ships facilities like gyms, spa and pool. When I was on cruise a staff member was having a couple of treatments for free albeit with people wandering in as he was having then so impinging on effect. 
 What do you think  💭  Would working on a cruise ship be fun? 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  July 31, 2019 Categories  Travel ,  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly Leave a comment on Hump Day Careers: Working on a Cruise Ship 
 Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: Women, the internet and side hustles 
 As I have written about before in these hump day features, it Is becoming more common for people to juggle multiple jobs with terms springing up, including the gig economy and side hustles. The article in this link: 
 https://www.google.co.uk/amp/s/www.thesun.co.uk/money/8743076/mumpreneurs-female-business-owners/amp/ 
 discusses how the internet is facilitating this. It mentions how women are leading the way in using the internet for their bussines. This can suit Mum's working from home. I hypothesise that perhaps social media allows women to use their social skills to promote their businesses and sell products far and wide. An example of this is the Lucy locket brand based in Sheffield, which uses social media to create an online community of ‘Locketeers' and to see the products. I have shared some of the leggings that I have bought, here on the blog and on instagram Wonderwall360 . Lucy locket leggings originally started as a side hustle then has grown in to lucy’s main big business employing staff including family. At the bottom of the link above is more about Lucy and her Mum. 
 To check out the leggings (example below) please follow my referral link my mini side hustle to earn commission). 
 https://locketloves.com/?gspk=U2FyYVdoaXRieQ==&gsxid=toKRLeBJ7wzR 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  April 3, 2019March 29, 2019 Categories  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly Leave a comment on Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: Women, the internet and side hustles 
 Wonderwall360 Hump day careeers 
 
 
 I really hope you guys are in the mood for a long, somewhat boring story. I’ve been meaning to write this post for a while and I’ve finally managed to come up with the words, so here we go. I’m not sure if you remember this but I left education because I was looking for […] 
 
 via  Why I Left My Previous Job and What I’m Doing Now —  
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  November 21, 2018 Format  Quote Categories  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly Leave a comment on Wonderwall360 Hump day careeers 
 Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: career grief 
 This Sunday times article talks about how an end of a job due to redundancy or forced resignation (perhaps retirement too?), can be like the end of a relationship. There needs to be time to grieve however, unlike a relationship often finical issues mean can not have a break. 
 Career grief article 
 One of the tips in the article is to switch industries so not, constantly comparing old and new job. Per my earlier post, it can be a good time for a sabbatical. 
 It also talks about not letting work define you by finding things to increase self worth outside of work. I know losing a job, you have put heart and soul into can be detrimental to self worth. 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  November 14, 2018November 11, 2018 Categories  Misc ,  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly 2 Comments on Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: career grief 
 Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: Taking a sabbatical 
 I recently took a sabbatical. It is something, I had never really considered doing prior to redundancy. During my time at my job prior to redundancy, I had bought a house, sold that and bought another; so I was on a very traditional route of building a career in tandem with climbing the property ladder. Having interrupted that pathway; it seemed a good time to do something I wanted to do rather then than what I thought I should do. In my case I took a month of to work at the Edinburgh fringe, which allowed me to see lots of shows. 
 Taking a sabbatical is something I would recommend for anyone. Taking an extended period away can give you new perspectives and is refreshing. 
 I had to ask two employees to do it. For one I justified saying my work projects were not urgent, therefore one month would not make difference; for that one I e-mailed clients working with so that they were aware I would not be available and prioritised according to their needs before I went. My other employer who work in a café for took, more persuading; they wanted to know how it would help development; I therefore wrote a long list of how it will help my customer service skills. During my time away, I visited two other braches of their café and posted photos on our internal google+ (corporate social media). When I have my performance review I will write about how it has developed me; therefore hopefully they eill support the idea in others. 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  September 26, 2018 Categories  career ,  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly Leave a comment on Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: Taking a sabbatical 
 Wonderwall360 Careers: Edinburgh Fringe for performers 
 For unknown performers, Edinburgh fringe at least finically is a strange career choice. Most unknown performers, do not make money performing at the fringe. It costs thousands to put on a show with renting space to host it, time to develop, props, lighting. Then there is cost of accommodation in Edinburgh such as the accommodation. Most performers make a loss at the festival. Therefore, it is amazing that the festival keeps going. I guess the performers do it regardless of finical risk because: 
 
 Chance may lead to bigger things. 
 It is good forum to try ideas. 
 The chance to showcase talents. 
 The festival experience. 
 
 My tips for success (disclaimer I'm not an expert!) 
 
 Shows starting with a number of A or even AA appear closer to front of fringe brochure so more people see. 
 Be punchy with show title; do not start with The. 
 Pick venue wisely where passing trade and staff who will promote show. 
 Support other performers and they may return favour; it helps get word of mouth for show. 
 Flyer!!!! Gimmicks when flying like half price tickets or pin badges helps get an audience. 
 Get reviews from media to raise awareness. 
 Use social media to get awareness. 
 If newbie do not self title show; it looks egotistical. 
 Be nice to people in venue to encourage them to help you. Someone was rude to me, insisting I found space for their flyers; I did put flyers out, but as rude no chance I was going to their show or highlighting show to anyone. 
 Be aware probably will lose money. 
 Once there try and enjoy experience, accepting as expected losing money. 
 Take vitamins when at Fringe as Fringe flu not nice! 
 
 Author   wonderwall360blog Posted on  August 29, 2018December 29, 2018 Categories  Edinburgh ,  Misc ,  Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly Leave a comment on Wonderwall360 Careers: Edinburgh Fringe for performers 
 Posts navigation 
 Page 1  Page 2   Page 3   Next page 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget. The Text Widget allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use a text widget to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 Search for: Search 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Sheffield 
 
 
 Theatre 
 
 
 Book 
 
 
 Wonderwall 
 
 
 6 word story 
 
 
 Wonderwall360 Hump Day Careers: The good, the bad abd the ugly 
 
 
 Hull 
 
 
 Hot Chocolate 
 
 
 Shakespeare 
 
 
 Gold Post Box 
 
 
 Music 
 
 
 homelessness 
 
 
 About Wonderwall 360 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Edinburgh 
 
 
 Dementia 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Wonderwall   Blog at WordPress.com. 
  Wonderwall  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
