Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Site Coordinator 
 Deluxe Corporation 
 __Miramichi, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Location:  Miramichi, New Brunswick 
 Req ID#:  14514BR 
 Description 
The Site Coordinator is responsible for providing general administrative & facilities support, coordinating special events, processing invoices, procurement, and acting as the sites first point of contact for guests and visitors. 
 Accountabilities: 
 
 Procurement of various supplies required by the facility, while ensuring items are within related budgets 
 Support facilities management function in addressing minor issues i.e. climate control systems, office moves etc. 
 Preparation, coordination and administration of all incoming and outgoing mail and courier items, including regional courier to other offices 
 Responsible for providing administrative support as required by members of leadership team 
 Process invoices by making payments where possible, or forwarding to accounts payable. Ensuring progress is tracked to ensure vendors are paid in a timely matter in accordance with agreed upon terms & conditions. 
 Oversees building access & security systems 
 Administration of local cell phone plans 
 Greet visitors and informs staff of visitor's arrival 
 Assist in coordinating special events (i.e. staff appreciation, united Way, Social committee etc.) 
 Preparing correspondence and maintaining office filing system 
 Boardroom bookings/scheduling of meetings and related catering 
 Act as a crisis liaison for the facility 
 Position may include other duties as determined by the company. 
 
 Required: 
 
 Associates in Office Admin, Business or other related field (or certificate) 
 2-5 years of applicable office administration experience 
 Highly proficient with MS office suite of products 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Highly organized; able to multitask 
 Able to work independently, and self-manage 
 Ability to collaborate with teams and individuals at various levels with the organization 
 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Office Administration: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
