Skip to content 
 Menu 
   
 graphicdesignjobs54 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 Pinterest 
 RSS Feed 
 
 graphicdesignjobs54  in  Uncategorized  April 21, 2016 862 Words 
 Is Freelancing a safe and secure Career Option? 
 freelancer 
 Are you currently a professional with a specific skill set who would like to test freelancing? From the outside, freelance writing can seem like the perfect career choice -- it gives you the flexibility to work on projects that will pique your interest and choose clients you feel comfortable working with, it allows you the freedom to educate yourself regarding your professional skills and diversify your current portfolio, and it also gives you the luxury of choosing your personal working hours and perform from the comforts in your home to remove the stress of to and fro travel via office every day. 
 But, many people find it hard to make the leap and give up their secure, predictable full time job to begin freelancing. The key reason why - freelancing is usually a risk, especially if you don't start with a reliable freelance writing portal that can shield your interests being a freelance worker. But on the other hand, if you are smart and initiate out right, freelancing can be a perfectly risk-free and lucrative job choice, considering that our own economic environment today significantly favours outsourcing as well as freelancing. 
 marketing jobs 
 The Rise with the Freelancer 
 According to a report published in the online Forbes Newspaper, it's believed that the number of freelancers will outpace fulltime employees by the calendar year 2020. The shift is with the economy, as more and more folks are beginning to understand along with appreciate the true important things about freelancing. While there was estimated to be Ten.3 million self employed in the USA in 2005, today the figure has grown drastically and you will find over 42 zillion freelancers working in the us of America alone. 
 The storyplot isn't much different throughout India. Freelancing has changed into a popular choice among professionals who want to health supplement their income within their free time, and also along with college students who want to make their allowance next to each other while aiding additional education. 
 What really helps matters would be the fact our economic environment is evolving; most MNCs and even scaled-down organizations are more than happy to hire contractual workers to delegate specific tasks that could be completed within a established timeline, rather than studying the hassle of hiring a long lasting employee on their pay-roll because that comes with extra administrative and instruction expenses. It works out better for companies because they only pay for the job required, while the freelancer works out of their own home setup and doesn't demand tools, a set salary, insurance plan and other facilities that come with a regular job. When it comes to freelancer, the benefits of self-employment are way too many to ignore. Just offer a lot of versatility in terms of number of hrs put in and types of projects undertaken, what's more, it enables you to build a more balanced lifestyle whereby you are left with much more free time to explore your current passions and pursuits, without jeopardising your career. 
 The full time career can be demanding. It doesn't actually matter whether you get projects to work upon and meetings to visit or not, you still should spend 8 to 9 hours of one's day at office. For several full time employees, not every one of that time can be proficiently used, as there are a lot of restrictive professional limitations to consider. However, like a freelancer, you can make better use of your time as well as skills. As a result you receive more job fulfillment as your efforts are justly paid, and your free time can be your own to decide exactly what you'd like to do with that. And isn't that the best life for anyone?! 
 Learning to make Freelancing A Stable Job Choice? 
 While we set up that freelancing could be a rather rewarding and fulfilling career option, can it be called a 'stable' job choice? Yes it may be, especially if a freelance worker chooses to work with a good freelancing portal. 
Independent portals are the perfect middlemen - they provide you a platform to locate interesting projects, put money for them at a price that you simply think fair, and then arrive at terms and conditions regarding contract that you and also the employer are happy along with. Additionally, they make sure a steady stream of profitable projects to choose from, so that you don't have to wait for clientele to reach out to you, nevertheless have a ready program where you can reach out to clientele yourself. Simply put, these types of freelancing portals take wastage of time out of your picture, so that you have assignments to work on across the year. 
 They make discussions easy for both freelancers and their prospective clients, whereby you and the client can easily discuss payment terms, payment mode along with payment timelines before you start the project, as soon as you take the job proposal. Besides this guarantee that you can find lucrative projects that appeal to you, it also ensures that your payments will come through in whichever mode you prefer (income transfers, cheque installments, money transfers and so on) once you have submitted the project and met wonderful deadlines. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Post navigation 
 First blog post 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Menu 
 Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 RSS Feed 
 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
