Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 B2B SEM/PPC/Lead Generation Specialist 
 Mediagrif 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 mdf commerce is a global leader in the development of a broad set of software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions that optimize and accelerate commercial interactions between buyers and sellers. Our platforms and services empower businesses around the world, allowing then to generate billions of dollars in transactions on an annual basis. 
 We are currently seeking to add an experienced B2B SEM/PPC/Lead Generation specialist to our marketing team. 
 Main responsibilities: 
Build and execute a demand generation strategy, including inbound lead acquisition and outbound account-based marketing including SEM/ PPC, Social, Display/Re-targeting and other B2B paid media channels ; 
Develop and manage demand generation and lead generation plans and operations including campaign creation, execution, reporting, and analysis; 
Manage demand and lead generation technology, reporting, and dashboards to demonstrate revenue impact and ROI; 
Analyze the performance of paid media campaigns and adjust strategies accordingly; 
Optimize copy and landing pages for paid search engine marketing campaigns; 
Implement test initiatives such as landing page and ad copy A/B testing, multivariate testing, offer testing to continuously optimize campaign performance; 
Perform ongoing paid keyword discovery, expansion and optimization; 
Research and analyze competitor paid media advertising; 
Suggesting new PPC ideas as well as identifying the possibilities of new initiatives and innovative programs; 
Actively contributing to the team’s projects and initiatives; 
Managing relations with service providers as well as search engines in order to optimize PPC/SEM campaigns. 
 Desired profile: 
Must have prior experience in handling minimum of $50K/month in ad spend; 
Good knowledge of Google Ads, Microsoft BING Ads, Facebook Ads and LinkedIn ads. Familiar with Twitter Ads and other B2B paid promotion channels; 
Proven ability to conceptualize and implement campaigns and reaching traffic, lead generation and sales objectives; 
Solid knowledge of Google Analytics; 
Knowledge and understanding of marketing automation tools and their role in lead generation, qualification from lead to MQL to SQL to sales opportunity; 
Experience in complex project management and execution skills; 
Strong work ethic and a "do whatever it takes to get the job done"; 
Advanced capability with Microsoft Excel; 
Strong analytical skills to optimize search engines; 
Fully bilingual preferred, very strong oral and written English required; 
Proficient user of social media tools like LinkedIn and Twitter; 
Autonomous. 
 Assets: 
Experience partnering with sales to execute strategic outbound and ABM initiatives; 
Knowledge of SEO and CRO. 
 Qualifications: 
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Commerce or related field; 
Minimum of five (5) years of experience in PPC / SEM / Social Selling in B2B environment, ideally in enterprise lead gen environments. 
 Our offer: 
 
 A flexible work schedule (37,5 hours/week) in a friendly and dynamic environment. 
 Competitive salaries, a comprehensive group insurance plan as of day 1 and access to an employer-sponsored share purchase plan after three (3) months. 
 In addition to your vacation weeks, we offer you two (2) personal days, five (5) sick days and you get to enjoy a well-deserved paid break during the holiday season! 
 
 mdf commerce:  who are we? 
 A well-established Quebec company since 1996, we are experts in the development and operation of electronic business networks. 
 With 600+ employees in Canada, the United States, Europe and China, mdf commerce strives to provide a work environment that focuses creativity, flexibility and collaboration. 
 How do we do it? 
 We hire motivated, passionate team players who aren’t afraid to roll up their sleeves and who take pride in contributing to a common goal. 
 Only selected candidates will be contacted, but we thank you for your interest in the company. 
 mdf commerce adheres to an equity and equality in employment program. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
