Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Corporate Communications - Contract Opportunity 
 Sun Life Financial 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You are as unique as your background, experience and point of view. Here, you’ll be encouraged, empowered and challenged to be your best self. You'll work with dynamic colleagues - experts in their fields - who are eager to share their knowledge with you. Your leaders will inspire and help you reach your potential and soar to new heights. Every day, you'll have new and exciting opportunities to make life brighter for our Clients - who are at the heart of everything we do. Discover how you can make a difference in the lives of individuals, families and communities around the world. 
 Job Description: 
6 Month Contract 
 Are you a creative, engaging and driven communications professional who knows how to deliver impactful external and internal communications tactics? If so, this role is for you. Reporting to the Manager, Corporate Communications, the Senior Specialist will support in planning and executing Sun Life’s media relations activities, employee communications and social media content. It’s a fast-paced, rewarding role that requires meticulous attention to detail and a passion for doing things better. Ready to get started? 
 What will you do? 
 Work with the Manager to develop and execute Sun Life Financial Distributors’ and advisor media relations strategy 
 Identify key media opportunities and generate proactive and timely pitching ideas 
 Assist in media content creation including media briefs, news releases, pitches and speaking remarks 
 Draft and implement integrated communications plans supporting internal and external special projects and surveys across the Sun Life Canada business 
 Construct internal employee communications including intranet articles, e-mails, Workplace by Facebook posts and presentations 
 Draft and co-ordinate necessary communications tactics for internal events such as employee town halls 
 Develop social media tactics including LinkedIn thought leadership pieces to help tell a One Sun Life Canada story 
 Help ensure metrics are in place to track results and effectiveness of communications activities 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 Exceptional written communications skills including editing, proofreading and attention to detail 
 Understanding of the needs of different media outlets (print, trade, social, broadcast,) and social media channels 
 Ability to pitch media, write for external audiences and coordinate incoming media opportunities (Design skills including PPT, adobe suite of tools, etc.) 
 Open to trying new, visual and creative tactics and methods to engage employees 
 3-5 years in a communications or media relations role with some internal communications experience 
 Post-secondary education in related field (communications, journalism, public relations) 
 Assets: 
Financial Services experience 
 Bilingualism (English/French) 
 What’s in it for you? 
 An environment of continuous learning and improvement 
 A friendly, collaborative and inclusive culture 
 Work-life balance by scheduling your day around your priorities 
 The opportunity to move along a variety of career paths with amazing networking potential 
 
 LI-NB1 
 
 The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted. It may vary depending on the work location of the successful candidate or other factors. In addition to Base Pay, eligible Sun Life employees participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance. Certain sales focused roles have sales incentive plans based on individual or group sales results. 
 Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds. 
 Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process or those needing job postings in an alternative format may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com. 
 We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Salary Range: 
49,400/49 400 - 80,800/80 800 
 Job Category: 
Communications 
 Posting End Date: 
13/01/2021 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
