Skip to content 
 
 Le Grand Art 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 Art and Cartoons 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Shop: Le Grand Art 
 More Shops 
 
 Zazzle My Horse Gatsby UK buyers 
 Zazzle My Horse Gatsby US Buyers 
 Redbubble 
 Teepublic 
 Shop: Society6 
 Alamy 
 Shutterstock 
 
 
 Blog 
 About 
 Contact 
 Disclaimer 
 Out of the Office 
 Artweb 
 
 Career Developments with Zazzle 
 Michelle Le G March 11, 2018January 22, 2019 Art ,  Dogs ,  Donkeys ,  Humour ,  Work 
 Post navigation 
 Previous 
 Next 
 Your Recent Online Sales 
 So, having been slightly demoralised by the Zazzle forum, after learning that I should not expect a sale until I had created over 1000 products, I then received an exciting email from them.  It was entitled 'Your Recent Sales'!  I was overwhelmed with happiness and excitement when I opened the email and found out that I had sold a birthday card on Zazzle!  I was so excited; my first sale within two weeks of opening my store. 
 Online Earnings 
 When I got home from the office job, I logged on to the website and after trial and error, discovered the Earnings tab and found out that I had made the princely sum of 37 pence!  This encouraged me and I created more and more 'products'.  I followed up this heady success two weeks later by selling a postcard featuring a cute donkey foal that I chanced upon in the New Forest.  For some reason my commission on this was only 7 pence. 
 Payment for Sales 
 Now, before you get carried away with me, and think I am on the road to handing in my notice, I must draw your attention to the small print in the Zazzle terms and conditons.  Payment is not made to designers until their earnings have reached $35.  Now, I don't know what the current exchange rate is but I think it may take several years or possibly decades for me to receive a payout.  Also, payments are only possible after you have successfully completed a W8-BEN form in order that you can be taxed correctly on your income. 
 Tax 
 There is a whole section on the forum on completing the W8-BEN form; ideally you would need assistance from a researcher in order to find the correct paragraph in the IRS tax agreement treaty with the UK.  The forms get returned to the designers many times asking them to have another go at filling in the correct information.  I am currently on my second attempt. 
 Dogs 
 Meanwhile, I am slowly but surely working my way towards 1000 items - check out my  dog collection  in my Zazzle store.  (If you feel like it - no pressure.) 
   
 English Bulldog amidst Flowers 
by  Myhorsegatsby 
 ©  Michelle Le Grand 
 http://www.5pmfriday.org 
 http://www.michellelegrandart.wordpress.com 
 https://michellelegrandart.artweb.com/ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Skype 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 "New Forest" ,  commission ,  Dogs ,  Donkeys ,  Humour ,  make money online ,  online sales ,  sales ,  W8-BEN 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Zazzle Journey Begins 
 Next The Horse in Art  
 Published by Michelle Le G 
 My favourite time of the week is 5pm on Friday! Thanks for reading my blog!   View all posts by Michelle Le G  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Categories 
 Animals   Art   Blogging   Books   Cats   Dogs   Donkeys   Gardening   Horses   Humour   Lifestyle   Theatre   Uncategorized   Work 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 355 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Le Grand Art on WordPress.com 
 Recent Posts: Out Of The Office 
 GET Christmas All Wrapped Up and Ready Now? 
 How, When and Where Can You Recycle Recyclable Packaging? 
 Can You Make Money From Your Art on Teepublic? 
 Will the Borrowbox App Make You Happy? 
 Will Biodegradable Teabags Make The Perfect Cup of Tea? 
 Tags 
 #inktober   affiliate marketing   Art   art deco   Blogging   Donkeys   Horses   make money online   Zazzle   zazzlemade 
 Search for: 
 About 
 Writer and artist 
 A WordPress.com Website . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
