Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bakery Team Member – Open Availability 
 Farm Boy 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 This position is responsible for contributing to the coordinated efforts of preparing and presenting a high-quality shopping experience to all Farm Boy customers. The performance of the duties must ensure a quality service approach to all customers, employees and suppliers. All responsibilities must be performed in a manner consistent with the Farm Boy vision, mission, and the Farm Boy Way. 
 Major Responsibilities: 
Provide superior customer service and support Farm Boy’s vision of the best fresh shopping experience. 
Have a passion for food and knowledgeably handle all customer questions or comments confidently. 
Utilizing Farm Boy Service Standards, welcome, greet and offer customer assistance as required. 
Package, stock and rotate display counters ensuring that product is of high quality and finessed with correct signage. 
Keep the work, storage and store areas clean and safe at all times by performing general “housekeeping” as required, including sweeping, mopping and dusting. 
Comply with all corporate policies, especially as they relate to Health and Safety, Food Safety and equipment use. 
Perform designated opening and closing procedures and offer assistance to other team members as requested. 
May be requested to undertake other related duties on a periodic basis. 
 Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 
Superior customer service, organizational and interpersonal skills. 
Experience in a retail environment or an equivalent combination of education and experience will be considered an asset. 
Ability to work with little supervision with a high standard for quality, attention to detail and cleanliness. 
Ability to work in a team environment with clear and effective communication style, both written and oral. 
Flexible schedule, including weekends, evenings and holidays. 
Fluency in English and French shall be considered an asset. 
 Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and employees with disabilities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
