Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Production Technician, Casual 
 Tilray 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Production Technician, Casual – Nanaimo, BC (Multiple positions) 
Casual/On Call - Please note that full time availability will be required in the first three weeks for training purposes. 
 Tilray Canada Ltd. is a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products. 
 Do you like working with plants? Do you have a green thumb and strong attention to detail? 
Do you want to work and learn from some of the nicest people who are awesome at their job? 
 Tilray is currently seeking adaptable, dedicated and reliable employees to fill the following roles: 
 Production Technician 
Propagation, potting and harvesting of cannabis cuttings as per Standard Operating Procedures and in compliance with Good Manufacturing Practices 
Set up production materials required for harvest 
Perform daily crop maintenance 
Ensure cleanliness of production area by effectively setting-up, operating and taking-down all sanitation equipment 
Background in Horticulture an asset 
Manufacturing Technician 
Drying, curing, trimming and all associated dried flower processing activities 
Perform tests, document test results and maintain detailed operational records 
Execute tasks in a fast-paced environment with great attention to detail 
Packaging Technician 
Ensuring the effective execution of Packaging and labeling tasks 
Weigh and package dried trimmed flower into jar and seal 
Effectively complete the filling, labeling and sealing of oil based cannabis products 
Qualifications and Education Requirements 
Minimum of 9 years of completed school 
Comfortable working in a job that has standardized processes, can be routine in nature and can remain attentive throughout shifts up to 12 hours long. 
Must be able to read and write in English 
Work experience in a greenhouse or production line is preferable. 
Horticulture experience is an asset or genuine desire to work with plants 
“Can-do” attitude and enjoys working on a team 
Can give and take feedback in a positive manner 
Once trained, capable of multi-tasking with minimal supervision 
Basic computer skills considered an asset 
Ability to be flexible and work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
