Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Web Developer 
 ADGA Group 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ADGA has a current contract opportunity for an Intermediate .NET Developer, to start December 1, 2020 until March 31, 2021. 
 This role will be responsible for the following tasks: 
 
 Create and modify code and software 
 Create and modify screens and reports 
 Gather and analyze data for the conduct of studies to establish the technical and economic feasibility of proposed computer systems, and for the development of functional and system design specifications 
 Design methods and procedures for small computer systems, and sub-system of larger systems 
 Develop, test and implement small computer systems, and sub-systems of larger systems 
 Produce forms, manuals, programs, data files, and procedures for systems and/or applications 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 
 A minimum of 2 years of experience designing and developing reports with Business Objects versions Crystal 2008 (version 12) and up. 
 
 
 At least five (5) years of experience as a Web Developer developing web applications with the Microsoft VB.Net framework. 
 
 
 A minimum of 3 years of experience within the last 6 years developing and maintaining scripts, stored procedures, packages and error handling in PL/SQL. 
 
 
 A minimum of 7 years performing unit tests and verification of the results. 
 
 
 A minimum of 3 years of experience within the last 6 years with Oracle databases (versions 8, 9i, 10g, 11g). 
 
 
 A minimum of 7 years of experience building source code from conceptual or logical models; and from associated functional requirements, specifications and class/object diagrams. 
 
 
 A minimum of 2 web development projects, OR, 2 years of experience analyzing requirements and issues outlined by systems analysts and designers to comply with Government of Canada’s TBS Standards on Web Accessibility, Interoperability and Usability" (http://www.tbs-sct.gc.ca/ws-nw/index-eng.asp) and security policies. 
 
 
 A minimum of 1 year of experience directly using the methods and standards of Microsoft CSLA.Net. 
 
 
 Must currently hold a valid Government of Canada Enhanced reliability clearance. 
 
 
 Contract length: 3 months 
 Application deadline: 2020-11-12 
 Expected start date: 2020-12-01 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Web Development: 6 years (Required) 
 Federal Government: 5 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Security clearance (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
