Joseph's Reviews 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Joseph's Reviews… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: personal career development 
 December 14, 2011 * 10:43 am 
 Be True to Your School 
 Practical Genius: The Real Smarts You Need to Get Your Talents and Passions Working for You by Gina Amaro Rudan (Touchstone, $24.99, 203 pages) 
 Ready, set, GO! Professional development and training coach Gina Rudan can be a bit overwhelming as she enthusiastically offers up her philosophy for success. Summed up it is - Be the best you by mining deeply held inner goals while simultaneously exploiting people who may be able to assist your climb upward. Oh, and always maintain personal integrity by selflessly promoting the ones your are using. 
 That's quite a challenge; however, Ms. Rudan offers herself as the poster child for this method. She jumped ship from the Fortune 500 employers of her past to begin a second career as a consultant. Clearly, the field of personal development is a crowded one that spans several decades. M. Scott Peck, Jack Canfield and David Shenk immediately come to mind. Dr. Shenk is listed because he too has written a book specifically focused on the topic of genius,  The Genius in All of Us.  His view of genius and ways to achieve it are expressed in a calm, well-considered approach. (A review of the book will be posted next on this site.) 
 Ms. Rudan's target audience appears to be the 35-40 year old female who is at a point where she is stuck in her professional life. The spin for Rudan's method is a bit titillating with "the Other G spot" and dating rules for those who can assist with a climb into practical genius status. She stresses the need for personal congruity - a balance of hard and soft assets. It is at the intersection of one's marketable skills (hard assets) and personal passions, creativity and values (soft assets) where the Other G spot exists. Finding that spot and making it yours is the point of the book. 
 Each element of the process is thoroughly developed; however, this reviewer found the bouncy enthusiasm and perspective shifts in the early chapters a bit unsettling. Moreover, the rambling in some sentences makes the case for keeping it simple: 
 Expressing your practical genius is not about expressing the limitedness of our personalities or egos but more about expressing wonder of the depths of the oceans of who we are as complex multi-dimensional creatures. 
 The later chapters get down to business with boxed hints for the reader and lengthy descriptions or definitions of what Ms. Rudan thinks is the ideal mix of characters that will become the players in the reader's life changing drama. 
 Given today's legions of unemployed and underemployed persons, this book may have an audience in persons seeking more than just putting food on the table and a roof over one's head. Then again, maybe it does not. 
 Ruta Arellano 
 A review copy was provided by the publisher. 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  audiobook ,  book review ,  business book ,  David Shenk ,  Fortune 500 ,  Gina Amaro Rudan ,  Gina Rudan ,  hardcover release ,  inner goals ,  Jack Canfield ,  job training coach ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Joyce Bean ,  keeping it simple ,  Kindle Edition ,  M. Scott Peck ,  middle-age females ,  nonfiction ,  Nook Book ,  on the make ,  overwhelming approach ,  passions ,  personal career development ,  personal congruity ,  personal development ,  personal goals ,  personal integrity ,  personal success ,  personal talents ,  Practical Genius ,  professional women ,  rambling style ,  Ruta Arellano ,  self-help ,  success ,  survey book ,  The Genius in All of Us ,  the Other G spot ,  The Real Smarts You Need ,  the unemployed ,  titillating writing ,  Touchstone Publishing ,  unabridged audiobook ,  underemployed persons 
 January 10, 2010 * 12:21 pm 
 Action Gets It Going 
 Over the Gap by Dave Patterson 
 There are situations in our lives when we must take action in times of the greatest possible stress. For example, if a parent or loved one close to you dies, you may be asked to assist in making funeral arrangements. This is precisely the time when you will feel the least capable of making some sound and rapid decisions, but you will nevertheless need to act. Action in itself helps us to feel better and to regain our confidence - "Action gets it going!" 
 If you're a person who has been recently displaced in your workplace cutbacks or downsized out of a job, Dave Patterson's  Over the Gap  provides a roadmap of the steps you must take in order to secure another job in the least amount of time. It may not be a pleasant subject (notice how much effort is taken to avoid the word "fired") but Patterson's 121-page guide will assist you in concentrating on the work you will need to do to find new work. 
 Patterson's book focuses on what he calls the CORE Process - Circumstance, Opportunities, Resources, End Result - which is based on common sense and doing one's necessary homework. Patterson explains the values of networking and of being prepared; fully prepared, not just taking halfway measures. As an example of the latter, he provides a very good listing of the most asked interview questions. But having the questions is just half the battle, will you be prepared to answer them before (and not just during) a job interview? (Hint: You should not only be prepared to answer the questions, but to do so in two minutes or less. Rambling responses show weakness, uncertainty and a definite lack of preparedness. "When responding to interview questions, give answers that are directly to the point.") 
 Patterson also offers spread sheets, graphs and other tools to help you get re-organized. If you use the tools he provides in  Over the Gap  , you will be forcibly organized which is much better than the alternative. This is a sober-minded guide that, for the price ($19.95) of less than a twenty dollar bill may help you to re-start your professional life sooner rather than later. I did see that one reviewer mentioned that this guide is for "mid-level executives," which is a point that I will respectfully disagree with. I think that anyone who has suddenly lost their job will find this "advanced career change, planning and outplacement handbook" to be invaluable. 
 Recommended. 
 A review copy was provided by the author. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  business ,  career counseling ,  Dave Patterson ,  job interviews ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  networking ,  Over the Gap ,  personal career development ,  personnel ,  stress ,  unemployment ,  upward mobility ,  work 
 January 9, 2010 * 9:28 pm 
 Coming Up Next… 
 A review of  Over the Gap  by Dave Patterson. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  business ,  career counseling ,  Dave Patterson ,  job interviews ,  job searches ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  networking ,  Over the Gap ,  personal career development ,  personnel ,  unemployment ,  upward mobility ,  work 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Entries 
 
 On Fire 
 Searching in Vain 
 Cruel Summer 
 Cold As Ice 
 Black Like Me 
 Beyond the Sea 
 The Miraculous Cat 
 Lost and Found 
 Believe Me 
 Scoop the Ice Cream Truck 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 A Bibliophile's Reverie 
 A Bookworm Called Jennie 
 A Bookworm's World 
 Adam Henig 
 Around the World in Books 
 Author Jennifer Dwight 
 Barnes & Noble Review (The) 
 Blogcritics 
 Blown Rubber Sole 
 Book clubbish 
 Book Keeping 
 Book Patrol 
 Booklist Online 
 Books Worth Reading 
 Bree's Book Blog 
 Chicago Review of Books 
 Chicago Tribune Printers Row 
 Chocolate and Vodka 
 Claire's Own Words 
 Constantly Moving the Bookmark 
 Contemporary Books 
 Daily (w)rite 
 DFW Running Blog 
 Huff Post Book Reviews 
 Hum(e)an Moments 
 Indie Hero 
 Kansas City Star - Books 
 Kirkus Reviews 
 Knite Writes 
 Laura's Reviews 
 Lifestyle Reviews 
 LindyLouMac's Book Reviews 
 London Review of Books 
 Los Angeles Magazine 
 Los Angeles Review of Books 
 Manhattan Book Review 
 Margot McGovern 
 Maurice On Books 
 Midwest Book Review 
 More Magazine Books Section 
 My Bookish Ways 
 mylittlebookblog 
 New York Bound Books 
 New York Review Books 
 New York Review of Books 
 New York Times Sunday Book Review 
 New Yorker Books 
 New Yorker Fiction 
 NPR Books 
 NYDN Books Blog Page Views 
 NYDN Sports 
 Only A Game Books Section 
 Pacific Rim Review of Books 
 paper in my shoe 
 Paris Review (The) 
 Patricia Abbot's blog 
 Portland Book Review 
 Pub(lishing) Crawl 
 Readers' Cafe 
 Review 31 
 Runner's Breakfast 
 RunRepeat 
 Sacramento Running News 
 San Diego Book Review 
 San Diego Union-Tribune Books 
 San Francisco Book Review 
 San Francisco Chronicle Books 
 Seattle Book Mama 
 Seattle P-I Book Reviews and News 
 She Writes 
 SL Book Blog 
 Special Needs Book Review 
 Speculative Assessments 
 St. Louis Post-Dispatch Books 
 Suzy Approved! 
 Sydney Review of Books 
 The Bookshelf Blog 
 The Debutante Ball 
 The Little Crooked Cottage 
 The Midwest Book Review 
 The Seattle Review of Books 
 The Second Disc 
 The Washington Independent Review of Books 
 The Washington Post Books 
 The Winnipeg Review 
 The Writing Asylum 
 theNewerYork! 
 Three Guys One Book 
 Time Out New York, Books 
 Tulsa Book Review 
 Unhealed Wound 
 Victoria Loustalot - Plays well with words. 
 Washington Independent Review of Books 
 What Frank Is Listening To 
 Writers on Writing Radio 
 Yale Books Unbound 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joseph's Reviews  * A book review site. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
