  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Sales & Marketing  
 
 Sales & Marketing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Content creator for Ig feed and Ig story 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 7 
 Hello, 
I require the one can cooperate with to create ideas of content and making hashtags to boost up my small business. My brand is ChocCoats and I'm selling Homemade kek batik. 
I only need somebody to work 3 hours per week to make content of 3 to 5 ig feed and 5 to 8 ig story per day and . 
It is acceptable if can write minimum for 4 days content as i can use it repeatedly. 
You just need to write it on somewhere, even can use notepad then just send me through email or whatsapp. 
Once the work is done, you could send to me immediately. 
I will make the correction. I will list out the product details and requirements for every content. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Y. F. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 weeks ago 
 Weekly News 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 9 
 Needed someone to gather the latest news on the agriculture/livestock industry.  Project submission every Thursday of the week at 3pm. News link and working file will be provided. 
 2 hours weekly. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  J. L. Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Sales & Marketing expert for Ecommerce Website 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 2 
 How can we increase sales ? We want concrete result in conversion ratio, We do not want only traffics and other theoretical aspects all. 
 www.connatestyle.com 
 Sales & Marketing | Online advertising, social media, SEO, email marketing. | SEO | Community | Management | Advertising on Google, Facebook | E-mail marketing | Data Analytics | Other 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Connate M. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 weeks ago 
 Omnichannel Platform 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Deadline: 26 Bids: 7 
 To build a website using shopify that focuses on supplying products to institutions, healthcare, hospitality, residential commercial and marine industries. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized campaigns 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. Malaysia 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 weeks ago 
 Swedish Speaker from Lat am 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 2 
 A companies pool  is looking for someone who speaks Swedish 
Requisites: 
Languages: Swedish & English 
A good connection to the Internet 
A Proactive person 
Remuneration (According to experience, CV) 
References for previous jobs. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : E-mail marketing 
 What do you need?  : Work on an existing strategy 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. B. United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 weeks ago 
 Microsoft excel for assignment business analytic 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Deadline: 5 Bids: 4 
 I need to perform excel for my subject business analytic in the university. Urgent! 
 1- Assignment: Jamie received 105 responses, which are given in the Excel file Drout Advertising Survey. Review the questionnaire and classify the data collected from each question as categorical, ordinal, interval, or ratio. 
Next, explain how the data and subsequent analysis using business analytics might lead to a better understanding of stereotype versus empowerment advertising. Specifically, state some of the key insights that you would hope to answer by analyzing the data. An important aspect of business analytics is good communication. 
Write up your answers to this case formally in a well-written report as if you were a consultant to Ms. Drout. 
 2- . For this part of the case, propose and test some meaningful hypotheses that will help Ms. Drout understand and explain the results. 
Include two-sample tests, ANOVA, and/or Chi-Square tests for independence as appropriate. Write up your conclusions in a formal report, or add your findings to the report you completed for the case in Chapter 6 as per your instructor’s requirements. If you have accumulated all sections of this case into one report, polish it up so that it is as professional as possible, drawing final conclusions about the perceptions of the role of advertising in the reinforcement of gender stereotypes and the impact of empowerment advertising. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Data Analytics 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. A. D. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 weeks ago 
 Social Media Executive 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 5 
 About us: 
We are a PR & Marketing agency established in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia since 2018. 
 We're looking for an experienced social media marketer to create/build our social media channels and develop campaigns. We need help with expanding our reach, getting a new campaign off the ground, creating content for an ongoing campaign, etc. 
 Project deliverables: 
 
 Developing social media content calendar and strategies that are consistent with the company’s brand identity. 
 
 - Creating consistent, meaningful, and creative content on Facebook, Instagram, and TikTok but not limited to visuals, infographics, videos, articles, and digital media content on a weekly basis. You are to decide the frequency of the post for the best results. 
 Skills this project requires: 
- Experience managing social media on Facebook, Instagram, TikTok 
- Experience with work management tools: Asana, Slack, etc 
- FB Blueprint Certification is a plus if you have them 
- Photo Editing and Video Editing skills is a plus if you are good at either one. 
- Strong problem solving & communications skill 
 In your proposal, please share a brief summary of your experience, including examples of social media accounts previously created or managed. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized campaigns 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Emerson D. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
