Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Rock Your Next Review 
 Phil Pickering    9th March    Career   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Rock%20Your%20Next%20Review%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fjob-review%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I have worked at a number of different companies, both large and small. Today I run  my own business. 
 The company I founded came into existence based on frustrations I experienced working in a corporate environment. 
 Between bureaucracy and my own lack of relevant  training , I became disappointed and disenchanted with the employee review process. 
 Whether you’re new to the working world, or someone who’s been around the block a time or two, I bet we have something in common. 
 We’re not sure how to appropriately prepare for employee reviews, and further, we’re not certain we have the Jedi mind skills to chart the course of our professional destiny. 
 None of this is taught to us  in school . Chances are we’ll walk into our first, second and even fifth job still bewildered by what is expected of us come review time. 
 In order to prepare for a job review or plan career goals,  you have to practice. 
 Avoid Averted Vision 
 Ever peer into a clear night sky and see a faint star that you just can’t seem to  focus on ? When you don’t look directly at it, the star becomes brighter. 
 But when you try to focus your eyes on it again it becomes nearly impossible to see. Astronomers refer to this technique as  averted vision  — useful for seeing faint objects that you cannot see directly. 
 Unfortunately, this technique is less useful when applied to your performance reviews. You want to be in your  boss’ sights . There are a few things you can do to make sure this happens. 
 Keep a Journal  **** 
 By keeping a journal of your ongoing achievements and  setting goals  for the next three months (that you follow up on), you’ll be well on your way. 
 As far as goals go, keep it simple. Stick to the  SMART system  of goal setting. Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Realistic and Timely, those are your five key concepts. Once you begin making a list of your goals, you can benchmark them against these concepts. 
 It may seem awkward at first, but by using the right template, you can skip the time and effort involved in creating your own framework from scratch. 
 Your career journal will help you avoid forgetting the  wins  you’ve had throughout the year. Even just a few entries a month will help you create a clear and credible self-summary to get the most out of your performance reviews. 
 The little details we often forget — a customer “thank you”  email  or some kudos from the big boss — help enrich your story in ways a last-minute look-back never can. 
 Accountability Partners Are Awesome 
 Get an accountability partner! Your accountability partner will be there to celebrate with you when you succeed, or get you back  on track  when you don’t. Shared celebration is important since achieving personal goals can sometimes be a lonely party. 
 It can be tricky to find a good accountability partner, so here are a few tips: 
 
 DON’T  choose your spouse. You’re implicitly accountable to them already.  DO  tell them who your accountability partner is. 
 DON’T  have a reciprocating accountability partnership. If you are accountable to them, and they are accountable to you, there is a good chance that when things are down you will get the wrong kind of  feedback , namely merciful permission for why you are off-track instead of the stern jolt you need to get back on track. 
 DO  choose someone that will take it seriously. 
 DO  choose a partner that you can meet with on a regular basis. At minimum once a month, but once a week would be better. 
 DO  choose someone that can bring some experience to what you are trying to  achieve . 
 
 Once you’ve picked an accountability partner, set goals and metrics of what you are trying to achieve and share it with them. Schedule a recurring  meeting  to make sure that conflicts don’t get in the way on a consistent basis. 
 For every meeting, plan a milestone you plan to reach by the next meeting. These meetings should be about what you’ve  achieved,  not what you are working on. This forces you into the mindset of  finishing  tasks rather than just starting them. Bring your career journal to keep you  focused . 
 Get Prepared 
 Most performance reviews occur either semi-annually or annually, and we often wait until one is imminent before  thinking  about everything we’ve accomplished throughout the review period. 
 Unless you’ve been keeping a detailed log of what’s happened, it’s a struggle to remember all the incredible things you’ve accomplished throughout the year. 
 Recent events are more prominent in our  memories , but those that occurred earlier in the year are much fuzzier — that’s where your career journal and your work with your accountability partner comes in. 
 If you want to make bold claims about how outstanding you are, cite specific examples. Saying  Built a weekly project dashboard for the team highlighting critical tasks  is far better than saying  improved communication skills . Use your  performance reviews  as the stage to showcase your valuable and consistent contributions to the organization. 
 Practice talking about your accomplishments with your accountability partner. Create a list of goals you’d set for yourself over the year with the results. Have plans and goals for the coming year, both for yourself and your department. This is your chance to ask for help, resources and possible  promotions  as well. 
 See The Results 
 By keeping a journal, making a tactical plan, and coordinating with someone to be an accountability partner, you will set the stage for  growth  in your professional life. Remember, you want to be the star that your boss can see — not the one he can only see with averted vision! 
 (   Photo   by thinkpanama /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 job review (1) 
 
 
 performance review (2) 
 
 
 promotion (21) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Phil Pickering  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Phil Pickering is the CEO and Founder of  OpenCareer.com . Phil became interested in leadership at a young age – leading a coalition force of little green soldiers and G.I. Joe’s to victory against the evil Storm Troopers, led by none other than Megatron himself. Fast forward thirty years and Phil is waging a different kind of war against the ominous performance review. Phil has worked at a variety of tech companies, from tiny to huge, where he saw a spectrum of approaches to measuring and rewarding employee performance. Unsatisfied with these corporate options, Phil wants to turn the tables to empower people to forge their own career paths rather than continuing to be held back by bureaucracy. Phil graduated with a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology in Terre Haute, IN. He plays hockey, enjoys skiing and makes a fool of himself playing “Just Dance” with his daughters — humility comes in the form of your 6-year old crushing you in a dance game. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     The Intrapreneurship Alternative: Innovating from Within  
  _ _     5 Ways to Motivate Yourself to Workout  
  _ _     How to Become Financially Independent  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Sergi  on the 15th April 
 
 Reply   
 What tool or system do you use as a journal? 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
