Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Product Analyst 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 What you will do: 
As a Product Analyst, you will be working closely with the business units to capture business requirements and collaborate with the stores product teams to monitor the design, testing and deployment of the solution. 
 Key Responsibilities 
 Work in collaboration with Product Owner/Business Stakeholders to understand requirements utilizing a variety of techniques including interviews, document analysis, surveys, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, and task/workflow analysis 
Communicate with internal and/or external teams to analyze data, business, and functional requirements, and collaborate with various internal teams to design and execute solutions 
Facilitate the exploration of the solution and understand the business unit(s) being supported 
Negotiate effectively with business to clarify needs vs. wants and likes in order to balance business direction/requirements with the cost of development 
Collaborate with the Product Owner/Business Stakeholder to define the value of Minimum Viable Product 
Create user stories and acceptance criteria, support delivery estimation, provide a technical perspective and input into the design, which includes authoring/validating technical artifacts 
Execute simple application configuration changes 
Partner with the delivery teams to define the overall testing approach 
Develop test scripts 
Act as a catalyst for continuous improvement by working with the team to prioritize defects and support resolution where necessary 
Work with the Product Owner to ensure business/functional knowledge is available for the team members to complete their activities 
Identify risks, issues and roadblocks 
Gather all required information needed to create and submit business cases in Service Now for project approval 
 What you need to be successful: 
Core Skills and Behaviours 
 With support, demonstrates problem solving and facilitation techniques to make feasible recommendations, and guide the business stakeholder conversations on the "what" of possible solutions, in detail, so that the delivery team can then deliver the "how" of the solution 
Uses various collaborative problem solving techniques (e.g. design thinking) 
A resourceful and collaborative approach to partnering with business and other stakeholders to identify business needs and capture and present business needs as epics/user stories 
Embraces agile values and principles and demonstrate in the product team, driving collaboration 
Understands the principles of Business process redesign (e.g. Lean Six Sigma) 
Presents ideas clearly and concisely, tailor communication style and message to the audience. 
Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
 Experience and additional qualifications areas are an asset: 
 Exposure to automation:  writing automation and test scripts 
Familiarity with the use of test frameworks for automation of functional/non-functional, regression and risk-based testing 
Working in an agile team and using Agile / Dev Ops principles 
JIRA & its modules in the ecosystem (e.g. Confluence, TM4J) 
Jenkins and its modules in the ecosystem 
Clarity business case module 
IIBA Certification 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary with Benefits (Fixed Term) 
 Type of Contract: 
Fixed Term 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
