Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Coach 
 ETHOS Career Management Group Ltd. 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 ETHOS Career Management Group Ltd. is looking for a new Business Coach with a passion for connecting with community members and mentoring small businesses on Vancouver Island. The Business Coach will work with the WorkBC Employment Services Centres Cowichan Region and the Island Ops Program. In this position, you will provide your expert knowledge and skill to mentor, coach, and guide aspiring self-employment clients. 
 As a member of the WorkBC Client Services Team and the Island Ops Program, the Business Coach evaluates and guides new entrepreneurs in developing business concepts and plans, leading to successful small business start-up. The Business Coach assists in all business planning areas to prepare clients to present their business idea to the adjudication committee (Business Development) while providing ongoing support and advice to successful applicants and monitors business growth (Business Implementation). 
 Essential Qualifications and Required Skills: 
 
 Post-secondary education in Commerce, Business Management, Economics and/or Financial Planning, or related field 
 3 or more years business concept and plan, analyzing and evaluation, coaching and mentoring experience with new entrepreneurs 
 Experience working with Persons with Disabilities and working with clients from a broad range of cultural backgrounds 
 Currently or previously been self-employed; understanding of challenges faced by entrepreneurs 
 Extensive experience building partnerships with employers, community agencies and other stakeholders 
 Knowledge in legal matters, business fundamentals, including feasibility of a business idea, plan development and business operations 
 Experience delivering services online and aptitude for working with various computer systems 
 Knowledge of WorkBC services and other programs and resources available to support self-employment 
 
 Closing Date:  Open until filled 
 **  We thank all applicants for their interest in ETHOS Career Management Group Ltd. ** **  Only short-listed candidates will be contacted **  . 
 Part-time hours: 22.5 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 business coaching: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
