  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Part-time Head of Finance 
 at Kamma 
 go back to Ops and Finance Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __parttime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __parttime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Data Analytics … Automation … Transformative Cloud & API Products … 
 Please note, only qualified accountants will be considered for this role. 
 If that got you excited, you could be the next recruit on Kamma's mission to leverage tech and data to be the fastest and most comprehensive digital address encyclopedia in the world. 
 To help us navigate this journey, we're seeking a Head of Finance, with demonstrable experience at every level of financial management to drive our organization's financial operations and improve financial performance.  We are looking for someone with an entrepreneurial and autonomous mindset, motivated to be part of a founding team to scale a growing and exciting tech company. 
 What We Do 
 Kamma is an industry leading geospatial technology company that specialises in creating unique data and solutions from disparate information. 
 Our unique technology and algorithms acquire millions of sources of dirty, disparate and ever-changing information which are then transformed into valuable datasets and answers for any property address in the UK in seconds.  These unique datasets have risk and compliance applications across multiple markets and our products are being used by some of the largest names across letting agent and financial services markets. Having started as a boot-strapped start up, Kamma is now backed by venture capitalists and operates in 3 markets, with big ambitions to expand beyond this. 
 Head of Finance 
 Our Head of Finance will play a crucial role across the business, reporting directly to our CEO.  The key responsibilities of this role include: 
 Financial Management 
 
 Annual budget coordination and planning 
 Management of billing and expense administration 
 Weekly and monthly revenue reconciliation and reporting against budget 
 Establish and manage expense approval and payment processes 
 Establish and implement key financial controls within the business 
 Debtor management and credit control 
 Monitor expenditure 
 Monitor cashflow and bank balances 
 Oversee annual insurance renewal 
 
 CEO and Business Support 
 
 Set and monitor targets with CEO 
 Long-term financial planning and business plan drafting 
 Strategic planning - sales and staff cost forecasting 
 Evaluation of key capital and operating expenditure decisions 
 Share option scheme creation and management 
 Evaluating investments 
 Grant applications 
 Business modelling and pricing scenario analysis for new products and markets 
 Liaise and partner with all business functions 
 
 Compliance & Company Secretarial 
 
 Tax compliance management 
 Ensure compliance with all regulatory requirements 
 VAT returns 
 Payroll review and management 
 Commercial and supplier contract management 
 
 Reporting 
 
 Management accounts preparation, monthly reporting and variance analysis against budget 
 Creation of reporting dashboard, monitoring of KPIs 
 Financial statement / statutory accounts preparation and audit management, if applicable 
 
 Investor Relations and Fundraising 
 
 Financial strategy development 
 Investor and Board reporting - preparation of financial inputs, metrics and reports 
 Fundraising - financial plan modelling, cap table modelling and related company secretary responsibilities 
 
 You will have: 
 
 A recognised financial qualification such as ACA, ACCA, CIMA 
 At least 5 years' post-qualification experience of working in a commercial business in a similar role 
 Knowledge of MS Office/G Suite and experience of Quickbooks or similar accounting package 
 
 You will be: 
 
 A motivated self-starter who takes initiative and ownership of their work 
 Organised, with strong time-management skills 
 A confident communicator with experience of working with senior stakeholders 
 A team-player who understands the value of collaboration 
 Hungry to be part of an ambitious team with a mission to scale Kamma 
 
 We have: 
 
 Competitive salary depending on candidate experience 
 Stock options potential 
 Benefits: Pension, charity days, discounts, book allowances, home office contribution and more. 
 A team who are passionate about what we do and are looking for inspiring people to join our journey 
 Huge ambitions to utilise and develop our data and technology capabilities to move into new areas and markets 
 
 What next? 
 Get in touch with us with your latest CV and a covering note telling us a little about yourself, why you're interested in joining us and anything else you think we'd like to know and we'll do the rest. 
 A company you 've always wanted to work with 
 At Kamma, we believe that diversity is imperative to driving creativity, innovation and value for our clients, and even more importantly, for our people. Inclusion and diversity are fundamental to our culture and as such, we are a committed equal opportunities employer. All applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to ethnicity, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nationality, disability, age, or social background. 
 Social impact is a central pillar here at Kamma. The genesis of our platform is in applying phenomenal data and technological capabilities to expose rogue landlords and ensure that no tenant has to live in unsafe or unsuitable accommodation again. Finding people that share our principles is a crucial part of this pursuit. 
 Published at 12 Jan 2021 - Expires on 12 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Kamma 
 fulltime  Full Stack Engineer  at Kamma in London 
 __12-01-2021 
 fulltime  Customer Success & Ops Manager  at Kamma in London 
 __14-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
