
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Customer Service Representative 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of  Glassdoor’s  Best Places to Work. 
 90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 The Client Service Representative is the liaison between the Marketing division and the Sales division. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Fielding inbound phone calls from our outside Marketing division. 
 Screening, qualifying and scheduling appointments for our Sales division. 
 Inputting data into our proprietary database. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Minimum of 1 year professional customer service experience 
 The ability to work Monday thru Friday 12pm to 8pm, and the flexibility to work weekends 
 An Articulate and Professional Demeanor 
 Excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills 
 Self motivation and discipline 
 An ambitious and competitive nature 
 Highly evolved customer service skills 
 A working knowledge of Microsoft office and computer savvy competence 
 BA/BS Preferred 
 
 Salary and Benefits: 
 
 Average first year income range: $35,000 - $50,000 (Base Salary plus commission and bonuses) 
 Monthly opportunities for performance-based rewards, such as luxury vacations, high-end electronics, gift cards and tickets to concerts and sporting events 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family 
 Complimentary access to on-site fitness center 
 On-site full-service cafeteria 
 Paid vacation and holidays, including additional time off to attend Power’s annual company trip to a tropical destination 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power 
 Access to the latest technology 
 Unlimited growth opportunity 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
