
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 Work From Home Jobs  December 3, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Looking for the best captioning jobs for beginners? Keep reading to find companies that offer legit captioning jobs from home for beginners and pros. 
 When I was a kid, I always wondered why words similar to what movie characters said popped at the bottom of the screen. 
 Sometimes the words were as fast as the characters’ talking. I always wondered how possible that was. 
 As a teenager, I started imagining there were some robots on the TV that generated subtitles. I did not know that people earned money to create subtitles or captions. To me, it just seemed like one of those supernatural things. 
 Captioning is one of those jobs that gives you the privilege to work from home or anywhere else with an internet connection. If you are a beginner, or you are looking to begin working as a captioner, you will be glad you stopped here. 
 Here, you will find everything you need to know about captioning jobs. Also, you will find sites and companies that have freelance captioning jobs for beginners. 
 Let’s dig deeper into the world of captioning. 
 What is a captioner job? 
 Have you ever watched a movie, program, or a live session where the words being said pop at the bottom of the screen? Of course, you have watched such before. Those words are called captions or subtitles. 
 There is a person who works to generate subtitles. These people are called captioners. 
 As a captioner, you will work to help movies or programs increase their viewership. Captions are also used to accommodate people with hearing impairment who may be watching the movie or program. 
 How do you become a captioner? 
 Captioning can be a lucrative side hustle. To get the most out of it, you can sign up on companies and sites that I will review below. They are a great way to start your captioning career. 
 I am pretty sure you have noticed some YouTube videos with subtitles. Yes, you can approach YouTube channels and offer your captioning services to them. 
 Cold pitching could get you further than you imagine. Don’t shy from approaching directors and producers of different programs. This could be your breakthrough in the captioning field. 
 Types of captioning jobs for beginners 
 I will review two types of captioning jobs: 
 
 Offline captioning jobs 
 Real-time captioning jobs 
 
 Offline captioning jobs involve pre-recorded programs, movies, or Youtube videos. Anything that is not live is offline closed captioning. You do not need professional experience to work as an offline captioner. As long as you understand time codes, you are good to get started. 
 Real-time captioning involves captioning live sessions and programs. The subtitles captioned appear a few seconds behind the talking, unlike in offline captioning. 
 As you might have figured out already, real-time captioning is more complicated than offline closed captioning. You need to be quick and accurate. Most of the real-time captioners are professionally trained broadcasters. 
 How much can you make captioning? 
 What you make as a captioner will vary significantly. However, most gigs pay anything between $10 and $40 per hour of video. How much you earn per month will therefore depend on how many hours you put in. 
 Alright, let’s now look at some legit companies that offer work from home captioning jobs for beginners and pros. 
 Legitimate Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 Don't forget:  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 1. 3PlayMedia 
 3PlayMedia  hires both captioners and transcriptionists. If you are a native English speaker, this company can hire you as an editor of captions. Editors are given software they can use to perfect their work. 
 Employees of this company get the benefit to work from home. You will also love the medical benefits that the employees enjoy. 
 2. Aberdeen 
 If you are conversant with Christian terminologies, you might love the captioning gigs at  Aberdeen . Most of the jobs here revolve around Christianity. 
 They hire both real-time and offline closed captioners. Real-time captioners here make approximately $75 per hour. Offline closed captioners make anything between $12 and $15 per hour, depending on their experience. 
 Besides, depending on the project at hand, you can get hired as an independent contractor or as an employee. 
 3. AI Media 
 AI Media  offers captioning services to pre-recorded videos and live TV shows. Some of their clients include Shopify, Mozilla, and Amazon. They hire both transcriptionists and captioners. 
 You will love that they have one of the best pay in the industry. You can make up to $42 per hour captioning videos on this platform. 
 They mostly have opportunities for UK and Australia residents. However, they occasionally have openings for global captioners too. 
 4. Caption Max 
 Caption Max  hires both real-time and offline captioners. They hire freelancers as independent contractors. 
 For offline closed captioning, you do not need a degree. For real-time captioning, you will need to have a degree in AA or BS in Court or Conferencing reporting. They also accept candidates with degrees similar to this. 
 5. Caption Colorado 
 If you are a real-time captioner, you will love your work experience at  Caption Colorado . They have opportunities for both full-time and part-time captioners. 
 To get hired by this company, you must have at least 98% accuracy. You will have to ace a 30-minutes long real-time captioning assessment. If you pass this stage, you will be directed for further interviewing, which may involve more assessments. 
 Caption Colorado employees enjoy benefits such as vacation pay. 
 Freelance captioning jobs for beginners 
 You might also like: 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 6. CaptioningStar 
 CaptioningStar  is one of the popular captioning industries. Some of its popular clients include Grammy Awards, Wall Street Journal, LinkedIn, and CNBC. 
 Most of their opportunities are live sessions. You need to prove 99% accuracy to get hired by CaptioningStar. Captioners here make anything between $60 and $70 per hour. 
 7. Netflix 
 Yes,  Netflix  usually has opportunities for captioners. The thing is you need to be keen because not all of them will be remote. They have opportunities for both captioners and caption editors. 
 Netflix includes captions in its shows to accommodate the deaf, and also to increase the viewership of their programs. 
 Are you wondering where you will find Netflix captioning jobs? Look on the Netflix Career page and see if you can land something you can do. 
 8. VITAC 
 VITAC  provides both live and pre-recorded caption services to their clients. Some of their notable clients include Lifetime, Discovery Chanel and BBC America. 
 For closed captioning gigs, you need to have a Bachelor’s degree. For real-time captioning gigs, you will need to have a typing speed of at least 225 words per minute. 
 You will love that they offer on-site paid training that lasts for a week. Real-time captioners must complete this training before they start working. 
 9. ACS Services 
 ACS Services  has both remote and on-site positions for captioners. It is one of the renowned captioning companies offering services to clients such as CNN, ABC, and Fox News. 
 If you have previously worked as a transcriber, you will have a quicker pass on this platform. 
 They also look for captioners who are up-to-date with current events, and with experience in AP style. If you have a bachelors’ degree in Journalism or English, you will have a quicker pass on this platform. 
 10. National Captioning Institute 
 National Captioning Institute  (NCI) has opportunities for both voice writers and court reporters. You will enjoy the benefit of working from home. 
 You will love that this company offers insurance benefits to its employees. They also offer paid training and paid off time to their employees. 
 To qualify, you must have a bachelors’ degree or a HS Diploma. Training or certification court reporting or voice captioning is an added advantage. 
 More captioning jobs for beginners 
 You might also like:  15 Online Jobs For Beginners With No Experience 
 11. Rev 
 Rev  is one of the most beginner-friendly platforms for captioning gigs. The pay here may not be as enticing as on other platforms, but it’s a sure way to build your experience as a captioner. 
 Captioners here make $0.40-$0.75 per video minute. They pay weekly via PayPal. 
 12. Caption Media Group 
 You can find lots of offline captioning gigs at  Caption Media Group . They hire people with at least two years’ experience with closed captioning software. 
 They hire US-based captioners only. 
 Caption Media Group sometimes lists its job openings on Indeed. Always be on the lookout on Indeed, for you may bag some of their lucrative gigs. 
 13. Communication Service for the Deaf (CSD) 
 Just like its name suggests, this company focuses on improving the communication services to the deaf and people with hearing difficulties.  CSD  usually have freelance captioning positions for movies, TV broadcasts, and videos. 
 The captioning positions are listed under the Captioning Assistant page on their website. To get hired, you will have to ace a captioning test to get hired. 
 The starting pay is $11.40 per hour video. Your compensation will be increased twice a year. So, the people who have been here for long earn some good money. 
 They have openings for both part-time and full-time workers. You, however, must be able to work on weekends, holidays and late in the evenings. 
 14.  CopyTalk Business Services 
 If you have a background in Finance, I am sure you will love working at  CopyTalk Business Services . Most of their gigs revolve around the financial world. 
 As a CBS captioner, you will enjoy benefits such as paid training, and working from the comfort of your house. 
 You, however, must dedicate between 16 and 40 hours of work per week. You will enjoy the privilege of creating your schedule, depending on your availability. 
 Beginners are paid $8.25 per hour. This amount will be raised immediately after training. Your experience here will see you increase your earnings on the platform. 
 To get started, fill out a form available on their website. They will contact you whenever they have openings. 
 15. DotSub 
 If you are bilingual or multilingual,  DotSub  is the ideal captioning company for you. You need to be a native English speaker to get hired. 
 Here, you may land gigs that let you generate subtitles from the source language (the language spoken by characters) to target language (language understood by the target audience) 
 To get started with Dotsub, fill an application form available on their website. 
 Ready to ace captioning jobs for beginners? 
 Captioning  is one of the most lucrative freelance jobs. If you are a beginner in the Captioning world, I recommend that you try some of the companies reviewed above. 
 Sign up on 3-5 of the above companies and see which ones work for you. This way, you will find the most suitable company quickly, and you will have a consistent flow of work. 
 Which of these work from home captioning jobs for beginners will you ace? Feel free to talk to us about your favorite companies below, and your experience working as a captioner. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: captioning jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 What is Proofreading, And How Do I Become a Successful Proofreader? 
 Wondering, "what is proofreading?" If you've just come … 
   
 30 Legit Stay at Home Mom Jobs That Pay Well 
 When Rachel's daughter turned two, she realized that … 
   
 How Gina Makes Over $100/Hr as a Virtual Assistant (and How You Can Too!) 
 Virtual assistants are in high demand in today's … 
   
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 Do you have a good eye for errors … 
   
 70+ Online Jobs Worldwide: Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 Looking for online jobs that allow you to … 
   
 17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 Looking for the best online translation jobs from … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Best Apps to Earn Gift Cards Online Free 
 
 
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
