Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sessional Instructor, Hospitality Management 
 NAIT 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 NOTE:  This is a temporary opportunity ending on or before April 30, 2021. The expected start date is January 4, 2020. 
 NAIT is proud to be named one of Alberta’s Top Employers for 9 consecutive years. NAIT offers a wealth of personal and family health and well-being benefits, training and development opportunities to support the professional growth of our staff, access to recreational and leisure facilities, a welcoming and inclusive environment unrivaled in engagement and dynamism, and co-workers who are collaborative, respectful and supportive. 
 The JR Shaw School of Business (JRSSB) is one of the largest business schools in Western Canada with more than 2,000 full-time and 12,000 part-time students. JRSSB offers a full range of certificate, diploma and degree programs through day, evening and online delivery earning a reputation for quality education since its inception in 1972. We are seeking a full-time sessional Instructor for the Winter 2021 semester who is energetic, passionate educator to be a member of the School’s academic team with an emphasis in Hospitality Management. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Instruct assigned courses using case-based learning, problem-based learning and technology-supported learning among other instructional and authentic assessment strategies. 
Give qualitative and quantitative feedback to students on assignments and exams. 
Develop and deliver outcomes-based curriculum as part of a subject area team. 
Follow and enforce NAIT policies, procedures and Academic Regulations. 
Contribute to communities of professional practice. 
Inspire students to leadership in business and their community. 
Liaise with business and community stakeholders. 
 Candidates should: 
Demonstrate a desire to contribute to NAIT and the JR Shaw School of Business. 
Have well developed communication, interpersonal, organizational & classroom management skills. 
Have excellent teaching skills with a commitment to teaching diploma and undergraduate students through a variety of delivery media. 
 Have experience in online course teaching. 
 Have familiarity with a learning management tool. 
Be dedicated to student engagement and success. 
Have an interest in scholarly activity, applied research and innovation. 
Have a passion for the profession and be networked to a Community of Professional Practice. 
Be dedicated to life-long learning and integrity. 
Be a team player and respectful of others. 
Have excellent knowledge of MS Office and products and be willing to learn other software. 
 Qualifications: 
Considerable managerial experience in accommodations and food and beverage are required. 
Experience in other tourism sectors is an asset; i.e. recreation and entertainment, events and conferences, transportation, and travel services. 
Master’s degree preferred. 
Related post-secondary instructional experience in tourism and/or hospitality. 
Experience teaching business courses is an asset. 
 
 Given current COVID-19 working restrictions, the successful applicant would be working from home. A suitable internet connection is required. 
 
 Remuneration:  As per the NAIT ACADEMIC STAFF ASSOCIATION (NASA) Collective Agreement Plus 18.5% in lieu of stat holiday and vacation pay. This position is covered by the NASA collective agreement (Classification – Instructor). 
 Thank you for your application however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 It is recommended that applicants who have obtained educational credentials from outside of Canada and have not had them previously assessed, obtain an evaluation of their credentials from World Education Services or the International Qualifications Assessment Service (IQAS) - http://work.alberta.ca/immigration/international-qualifications-assessment-service.html 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
