Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pet Groomer 
 Purrdy Paws Pet Grooming Spa (Glebe and Stittsville) 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Purrdy Paws Pet Grooming Spa voted Ottawa's favourite grooming salon 2019 And 2020 by Faces Magazine Awards. Also a Top Choice Awards 2020 winner is seeking: 
 Experienced Pet Groomer with minimum 1 year hands-on pet grooming experience. 
 Two grooming shop locations : one in the Glebe and one in Stittsville. 
 Must be able to work independently or as part of a team on all breeds of canines. 
 Knowledge of variety of breeds and trims both breed specific and pet and able to provide add on services such as nail grinding and teeth brushing. 
 Required to have excellent communication skills with clients and able to educate clients on how to maintain their pet's coat and health. 
 Strong standard of ethical grooming (humanity over vanity) 
 Must possess patience and a love of pets with a strong desire to grow within themselves and within the team. 
 Creative grooming, cat grooming and handstripping assets but can be taught to interested candidates. 
 No drama and a positive attitude is a must. 
 Please reply with resume and portfolio. (discretion assured) 
 Successful candidate will perform a paid grooming interview on one dog of managements choice. 
 Employed team members enjoy pet food/product at cost, medical/dental/injury benefits, flexible work schedule, bathing allowance after hours for their own pets, a receptionist to book/track/cashout their appointments, a bather for busier days, full tipout (very generous clients), opportunities for further training/growth, local events and trade shows and a positive and fun team and work environment. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $50,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 Vision care 
 Disability insurance 
 Dental care 
 Life insurance 
 Discounted/free food 
 Flexible working hours 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Salary: $50,000.00-$70,000.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Flexible schedule 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Store discount 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
At this time our doors are closed to the public and we are working by appointment only. Pets are received outside the front doors of the salon. 
 Experience: 
 
 grooming: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
