
 
 Home 
 Company 
 Solutions 
 Projects 
 Press 
 Legal Notice 
 
 __ 
 
 __ 
 
 
 
 Jobs 
 Why work for us? 
 __FREEDOM AND RESPONSIBILITY 
 We try to tailor your positon to your strengths. This ensures a high job satisfaction. Your will enjoy a high level of freedom and a high level of responsibility within your job. 
 __POSITIVE WORKING ENVIRONMENT 
 You will have a family-like working environment with open-minded down to earth colleagues who will welcome you in your team. 
 
 __SALARY AND WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
 We offer an attractive sallary, flexible working hours and an overtime compensation. 
 __DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING 
 You will have the time to grow with your challenging work. We support your individual further education and development. 
 Who are we looking for? 
 we are looking for employees who like teamwork and resposibilty. We value team spirit, professional commitment, multi-disciplinary dialogue and entrepreneurial thinking. If you like to think outside the box and if you value a respectful and open communication - then you will have fun working within our team. 
 You haven´t found the right vacancy and would like to work with us? Please send us your application - we will check all proposals and possibilites and we promise to reply to every application within a short time. 
 
 Open Positions 
 Working and living in Kaiserslautern 
 Around 100 000 citizens live in Kaiserslautern, the fifth biggest city in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate and the smallest "large city" in Germany. The City is surrounded by the Palatinate Forest and is a good place to live for all who love a rural environment combined with the comfort and possibilites of a big city. 
 Besides several industrial employers Kaiserslautern has a very strong background in education, technical research and information technology. With the Technical University Kaiserslautern, the University of Applied Sciences and several research institutions, the city offers a broad academic education and research range. 
 For first-time visitors we recommend a visit of the “Twentyone” lounge bar and restaurant, situated on the twenty-first floor of the town hall building with a great view of the entire city. Another place to look at is the 12th century imperial palace of Frederic I Barbarossa in the city center. In the evening a vistit of the Palatinate Theatre or the very lively "pub zone" is recommendable. 
 Want to know more about us? 
 Call us at +49 (0) 631 627983 0 or write us an E-Mail at info@vesc-superbar.de 
 © 2019 Vision Electric Super Conductors. All rights reserved. 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
