  
 Search thousands of jobs on WorkSource Washington: 
 Title, keyword, or job number 
 Where 
 __ Search 
 Toggle navigation Toggle search 
 [ __ 
 Job Seeker 
 ](https://seeker.worksourcewa.com/login.aspx) 
 [ __ 
 Employer 
 ](https://employer.worksourcewa.com/) 
 Skip navigation: 
   
 
 
 My WorkSource __ 
 
 
  __ My Dashboard Access all of your information in one place  
 
 
  __ My schedule Manage your appointments & events   
 
 
  __ Resumes Prepare for the next opportunity  
 
 
  __ Cover letters Have these at the ready!  
 
 
  __ Documents Store your important career documents   
 
 
  __ Saved searches Receive job notifications!  
 
 
  __ Saved jobs Review jobs of interest!  
 
 
  __ Applied jobs Look for updates!   
 
 
  __ Saved occupations Careers I'm interested in  
 
 
  __ Saved schools Schools I'm interested in  
 
 
  __ Message center Send and receive messages  
 
 
  __ Career profile Match your interests to careers  
 
 
  __ Search Jobs Find the right fit for you!  
 
 
  __ Home All of my tools and info  
 
 
 
 
 Career tools __ 
 
 
  __ Workshops & hiring events Find upcoming events, workshops, and appointments in your area  
 
 
  __ Statewide occupation search Explore careers   
 
 
  __ Learn about an occupation Discover which occupations have the most job opportunities  
 
 
  __ Labor market information Data driven decisions  
 
 
  __ CareerOneStop Your source for career exploration, training & jobs  
 
 
  __ Budget calculator All of my tools and info  
 
 
 
 
 Resources __ 
 
 
  __ WorkSource locator Search offices  
 
 
  __ Career advice Expert advice to guide you  
 
 
  __ Job boards Additional job search resources  
 
 
  __ Training and other programs Education and financial resources  
 
 
  __ Classified ads Local connections  
 
 
  __ Dislocated workers Learn about resources  
 
 
  __ Veterans and military spouses  Learn about resources  
 
 
  __ Farmworkers Learn about resources  
 
 
 
 
 Spotlights __ 
 
 
  __ Hospitality Learn about careers in hospitality  
 
 
  __ Retail Learn about careers in retail  
 
 
  __ Washington Apprenticeship Learn about Washington apprenticeship resources  
 
 
 
 
 About us __ 
 
 
  __ About WorkSource Learn about WorkSource Washington  
 
 
  __ Contact us Send us a message  
 
 
 
 
 Skip Navigation Skip to Main Content 
 Search Career Advice 
 __Search 
 
 Advice 
 Find The Right Career Path 
 Career Assessment 
 
 10 career resolutions to make any time 
 Set your sights on career goals that are within your reach. 
 Daniel Bortz, Monster contributor 
 Use these tips to accomplish your career goals. 
 This past year has certainly been one for the history books! Most likely, the global pandemic has thrown your career goals or job search objectives off course. Not all is lost, however. Take advantage of the start of the new year to draft some updated career goals. 
 You know the drill: You set a goal (more exercise!), stick to it for a month (if you're lucky), and then revert to your old habits. This doesn't mean you're doomed to fail, but it does mean you need to be realistic. Your sights must be set on targets that are within your reach. Beware of biting off more than you can chew. 
 To help you increase your awesomeness in the next 12 months, Monster compiled 10 achievable resolutions that are suitable for every industry and mid- to senior level workers, as well as 10 goals for entry-level workers--at any time of year. 
 Mid- to senior-level career goals 
 1. Pay attention 
 If you've been doing the same job for a while, it's easy to let yourself coast--and let your skills development fall by the wayside. The solution? Treat every workday like a school day. Adopt a growth mindset, aim to learn something each day--it doesn't even have to relate to your skills set--just keep your brain in learning mode. 
 2. Look for the next rung 
 If you want to  get promoted  this year, don't just sit back and wait for your boss to tap you on the shoulder. Create your own opportunities by meeting with your manager to get clarity on what you need to do to upgrade your position within the company. But remember to take small, achievable steps. All those small steps add up. 
 3. Make your boss look good 
 By helping your boss hit her goals, she'll be more motivated to help you achieve yours. "Find out how your boss is judged and how she gets a bonus," says Larry Myler, author of   Indispensable by Monday . Oftentimes, these are financial targets, so understand how to help your manager hit them. 
 4. Pick projects with maximum impact 
 One of the best ways to  gain visibility within your company  and become known as a leader is by making noticeable contributions on big projects. Therefore, find out what high-profile projects are in the works this year, and ask if there are opportunities for you to play a part on them. 
 5. Stretch your role 
 The last thing you want to be is a hamster on a wheel at your job--clocking in and clocking out without pushing yourself. Make stepping outside your comfort zone one of your career goals. Take on new responsibilities to gain the experience you need to climb the ranks. Showing that kind of initiative will also make you more valuable to your employer. Come up with your own ideas, and work with your manager to implement them. 
 6. Manage up 
 Building a  great relationship with your boss  is paramount. After all, the person who signs off on your performance reviews can help or hinder your career trajectory. One approach to managing up: Find out what keeps your boss up at night, recommends Morag Barrett, CEO of HR and leadership consultancy Skye Team. Once you've identified these issues, make your manager's life easier by offering to pitch in. 
 7. Manage across 
 Whether you get along with your co-workers can improve or impair your job performance, especially on group projects. To cozy up to colleagues,  be a team player  by giving co-workers credit when it's due, engaging with your peers outside of work (doing so builds rapport), and providing these folks with emotional support during hard times. "If you can work more effectively with others, you're going to build meaningful relationships that can help you long term," says Joyce Russell, dean at the Villanova School of Business. 
 8. Be a better communicator 
 Want to be liked? Be a good communicator. That means returning emails and calls promptly, letting co-workers know what you're up to, and asking people where they're at on their own projects. Talk to people; give them a heads up when you'll be unavailable so they're not left hanging. And when someone helps you out, be sure to thank them. 
 9. Create work-life balance 
 All work and no play can make life a chore--if you're miserable at work, your career could stall out. The moral? Work hard, but don't wear yourself out. Carve out time for friends and family. And don't forget to  take your vacation days . 
 10. Be open to outside opportunities 
 Whether or not you're not happy at your job, you should be expanding your career goals and keeping your eyes open for new opportunities regardless. You risk nothing by applying to jobs that seem like they'd be a good fit. Pressed for time? Need help? There's a very simple solution:  Join Monster for free today . As a member, you can upload up to five versions of your resume--each tailored to the types of jobs that interest you. Recruiters search Monster every day looking to fill top jobs with qualified candidates, just like you. Additionally, you can get job alerts sent directly to your inbox to cut down on time spent looking through ads. 
 Entry-level career goals 
 1. Ask more questions 
 Acknowledge that your college degree, while valuable, hasn't taught you everything you need to know to be successful in the world of work. If you don't understand something, say so--and then ask your more experienced colleagues for guidance. This will earn your colleagues' admiration by  demonstrating your curiosity  and willingness to say, "I don't know, but I'm willing to learn." 
 2. Reach out to colleagues you  don't know 
 Don't wait for people you don't know to welcome you to the organization-- seek them out and introduce yourself . This will show self-confidence, approachability, and respect for others, which in turn will help earn your colleagues' respect. 
 3. Find a mentor 
 Establish a  collaborative relationship  with a more seasoned professional in your field who can be a sounding board and support your career development, providing you the benefit of new career wisdom. 
 4. Document your successes 
 Create a spot (a digital portfolio/website, a Dropbox folder, or just a folder on your computer's desktop) where you can store  proof of your professional activities and achievements , such as blog posts you've written, budgets you've developed, or educational plans you've created for clients. This will give you organized evidence of you accomplishments for both future employers and yourself. 
 5. Learn a new job-related skill 
 Your career goals should always aim to strengthen your soft and hard skills.  Pick a skill area  like writing, developing websites, or presenting to large groups and work on it by taking a course at a nearby college or university or through a local community education program to build on an existing strength or learn how to better manage a weakness. 
 6. Volunteer to work on a challenging project 
 Look for or create a way to push slightly outside your professional comfort zone to gain new skills as well as the experience to help you climb the ladder within your current organization or advance elsewhere. 
 7. Build expertise in your field 
 Read industry publications and attend professional conferences when time and money allow, expanding your knowledge base and demonstrating your ongoing commitment to your chosen field. 
 8. Expand your network 
 Get involved in at least one professional association to meet people outside your own organization. Also, set up periodic meetings with fellow professionals in your area to learn about what they do and how. This will acquaint you with more people in your industry and help them get to know you so you can get (and give) career assistance when you need it. 
 9. Spot solutions as well as problems 
 Go to your colleagues and superiors not just to air concerns, but also to propose ways to effectively address them.  Cultivate a reputation  as someone who both sees and solves problems. 
 10. Get a life 
 Revive a  favorite pastime  or pursue a new one so your entire identity isn't built around your career. This will give you the type of  work/life balance  that will make this coming year a great one, both professionally and personally. 
 11. Polish your resume 
 One way to stand out from the competition is by having a strong, focused resume that lets hiring managers know you have impressive career goals on your mind. Could you use some help with that? Get a free resume evaluation today from the experts at  Monster's Resume Writing Service . You'll get detailed feedback in two business days, including a review of your resume's appearance and content, and a prediction of a recruiter's first impression. 
 Related Articles 
 Browse articles by... 
 Find The Right Career Path 
 
 All Find The Right Career Path 
 Getting Started 
 Career Assessment 
 Companies & Industries 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Changing Careers 
 
 Cover Letters & Resumes 
 
 All Cover Letters & Resumes 
 Resume Writing Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 
 Interviews 
 
 All Interviews 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Appearance 
 Interview Following Up 
 
 Salary & Benefits 
 
 All Salary & Benefits 
 Employee Benefits 
 Salary Negotiation 
 Salary Information 
 
 Workplace 
 
 All Workplace 
 Starting a Job 
 Quitting a Job 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
 Productivity 
 
 Professional Development 
 
 All Professional Development 
 Getting Promoted 
 Education & Training 
 
 Popular Articles 
 
 The informational interview 
 Interview effectively 
 The interview structure 
 Communicating effectively 
 Questions to expect 
 Job hunting tips 
 Job and career fairs 
 Write your résumé 
 Résumé Components 
 Write a scannable résumé 
 Write an electronic résumé 
 The résumé checklist  
 Using Action Words 
 Signs of a good résumé 
 Introduction to letters 
 Add a Cover Letter 
 Write a cover letter 
 Cover letter checklist 
 Common cover letter mistakes 
 Request an informational interview 
 Thank you letters 
 Acceptance and decline letters 
 Choosing a Career 
 
 Privacy policy  |  Terms of use  |  Equal opportunity, complaint and discrimination information  |  Contact us  
A partner of the  network | 
©  WorkSource 
 __ 
