Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Supervisor – Northern Canada Relocation 
 The North West Company 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Northern and NorthMart is looking for full time Store Supervisor to join us to work in stores across northern Canada. 
 Join our team in the following departments: 
Grocery 
Produce 
General Merchandise 
Food Service 
Deli & Bakery 
Meat 
Administration 
 What it takes to be a Store Supervisor with us 
 Our Supervisors are ultimate multi-taskers. Whether they are merchandising shelves, running the till or helping customers, our Store Supervisors can do everything and anything. 
 What you can look forward to: 
Supervising day-to-day operations of your department in partnership with the Store Management 
Delegating tasks and work assignment to associates by giving clear and concise direction, and following up to ensure proper execution 
Ensuring merchandise is ordered and properly presented to maximize sales and profits 
Maintaining great quality products for customers by ensuring associates follow correct procedures 
Sharing your knowledge, experience, and best practices to support Store Management in creating a positive and supportive work environment 
Monitoring the level of customer service and satisfaction within the department and taking action as required 
 What you will discover 
 Our Store Supervisors are often the face of our stores, as you will be active in the store all day; so it is important you are able to remain positive and respectful of our customers all through your shift. Our store teams are supportive of each other so you will have support along the way. 
 You will be on your feet for the most of the day as you work through different tasks; so it does require you to be physically fit and flexible. In return, you will never be bored as no two days will be the same and you will be able to master many skills during your time with us, to support you as you learn and grow into a future Retail leader. 
 What you’ll receive in return 
 Joining our team as a Supervisor allows you to quickly make a difference in the day-to-day operations of our store and help us continue to provide a customer-focused environment to our communities. We offer training, the opportunity to work in a dynamic retail environment and numerous opportunities to progress, develop new skills and build a career. 
 Competitive wages and benefits package 
Subsidized food and accommodation 
Career growth opportunities 
Excellent training program 
Opportunity to explore northern Canada 
 What you’ll need to begin your career with us 
 We’re looking for a Supervisor with a healthy sense of adventure, who is flexible and has a strong work ethic. You will be self- motivated, naturally friendly, and be someone who thrives in an ever-changing environment. 
 You will also bring: 
1 or more years of experience of retail store experience; ideally in a high-volume grocery store or an environment relevant to one of our departments – however, we are always willing to train the right candidate in a new department area if they have the willingness to learn new stills. 
Capability to role model, coach and reinforce operational standards and programs 
Ability to plan, organize and prioritize tasks to effectively complete daily accountabilities and provide fantastic customer service 
Ability to take initiative and action quickly, while making decisions with integrity and in support of company objectives and policies 
Curiosity and desire to embrace life and work in a culturally diverse setting by developing community partnerships. 
 Candidates must be willing to relocate to multiple markets in the northernmost regions of Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Quebec, Nunavut, and Northwest Territories. Relocation arrangements will be made and paid for by Northern and NorthMart. 
 For the safety of our northern communities, relocated employees will be subject to mandatory 14 day isolation period. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Northern and NorthMart is part of The North West group of companies. We are proud to serve and support communities in Northern Canada. Our stores offer a broad range of products and services with an emphasis on food, and our goal is to be the best local shopping choice for everyday household and local lifestyle needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
