Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Housekeeping Assistant (Part time) 
 Knights Inn Midland ON 
 __Midland, ON 
 Apply Now 
 
 Providing exemplary customer service by meeting our four service promises: engaging each guest; providing enthusiastic and friendly service; anticipating guest needs; and taking ownership. 
 Perform essential duties of the daily housekeeping services in assigned units and common areas to standard, within specified time limits. 
 Cleaning of guest rooms includes: making beds, changing linens as required, cleaning and sanitizing bathrooms and kitchens, dusting, vacuuming, placing furniture to original position and replenish amenities. 
 Cleaning the bathroom inside the guest room includes: cleaning and sanitizing (horizontal and vertical) all sinks, faucets, vanities, tubs, showers, walls and toilets. 
 Cleaning the kitchen inside the guest room includes: loading/emptying the dishwasher, cleaning and sanitizing (horizontal and vertical) all sinks, taps, dishes, cupboards, fridge and microwave. 
 Updating and prioritizing rooms to be cleaned. 
 Responsible for stocking and maintaining a clean/organized working environment at all times – this includes doing laundry linen lock-up, housekeeping carts, vacuums etc. 
 Responsible for assisting in the removal of trash, recyclables and dirty linens as seen fit or directed. 
 Handle guests’ complaints and take action to resolve problems – inform leadership when required. 
 Assist other housekeeping employees in maintaining clean and organized working and public areas. 
 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: $14.25-$15.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Tips 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 On call 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 cleaning: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Midland, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Workplace Hazardous Material Information System (WHMIS) (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
