Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 FRANCOPHONE OUTREACH WORKER 
 HOLLYBURN FAMILY SERVICES SOCIETY 
 __North Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At Hollyburn  , we empower growth and inspire change and we’re looking for people to join our team who want to do the same. If this sounds like you, read on. We want you with us! 
 You are  a positive energetic role model who has a passion and skill engaging in outreach to assist homeless, at-risk seniors and other designated groups to attain or maintain appropriate housing or services to support long-term stability and well-being. At the same time, you have the relationship and community building skills to partner with other services and agencies that the seniors will need for success. You want to make a difference in the lives of people we support and play an integral role in supporting their successful achievements. If you are bi-lingual (french/english), even better. 
 The role we need to fill  is for  24-30 hrs/week  serving seniors. The hours of this job are Monday to Friday 9am to 5pm, occasionally outside of regular business hours, including early mornings or evening, to be available by phone for calls and meetings. You will be assisting seniors who are homeless or at risk of homelessness, to help and attain/ maintain housing needs and other fundamentals essential to a client’s overall security and well-being. Clients served are seniors and the target population is persons of Francophone decent. 
 You Must Have: 
 
 BA, BSW or Community College Diploma in a related field with a minimum of two-year experience in social services particular to working with seniors and homelessness. 
 Knowledge of issues and resources specific to seniors. 
 Working knowledge of mental health, addictions and elder abuse. 
 Familiarity with housing issues, emergency housing options and Residential Tenancy Act. 
 Hold a valid B.C. Driver’s License and accessed to an insured vehicle. 
 Francophone specialization. 
 
 You’ll score more points if you: 
 
 Hold a current First Aid and CPR Certificate. 
 Hold a current Non-Violent Crisis Intervention certificate. 
 Demonstrate an understanding of Housing First philosophies 
 Have excellent oral and written communication skills and computer literacy. 
 Demonstrated ability to build rapport quickly. 
 Demonstrated ability to deal with conflict in a professional manner. 
 Demonstrated ability to creatively solve problems and be flexible in approaches. 
 Demonstrated ability to work independently and as part of a cross-discipline team. 
 
 **A  sample  of what you’ll be doing: ** 
 
 Conduct client assessment at a location convenient for the client 
 Identifies any persons significant to the client to involve in planning such as family, friends, legal representatives 
 Create an individual service plan (ISP) based on potential risks, strengths, needs, abilities and preferences of the client goals with measurable goals and objectives and methods to achieve objectives 
 Conducts outreach activities to maximize opportunities for contact with person who are homeless or at risk of becoming homeless 
 Implement the ISP; tasks may include housing searches, assist with moves and set-ups, financial planning, application assistance for funding or service, life skill instruction or support, advocacy and connecting clients to community services or social networks 
 Initiate or manage integrated case management meetings as required 
 
 We are  Hollyburn Family Services Society, an industry leading organization that provides quality residential programs, counselling and support services to children, youth, and families since 1990. We value the uniqueness of each individual and their inherent capacity for growth. We rely on our core values to create a trusting and safe environment free from harassment and discrimination for our team and for our clients. We are proud to have a diverse team, all of whom have unique abilities which to enrich the lives of their clients. 
 Because we know our team is our most important asset: 
 We offer extensive training opportunities to all employees. We support professional development and advancement within our ever growing organization. Our salaries are competitive and our benefits package for full-time employees includes 100% employer premium paid BC Medical, extended health, dental, vision care, life insurance, wellness days and sick leave. Employees pay their own Long Term Disability premiums. After a six-month probationary period, our employees become eligible for our Registered Retirement Savings Plan where Hollyburn matches contributions up to 3% of gross salary. 
 If you’re still reading this and are as excited to join us as we are excited that you read this whole posting, then do not delay! Send your resume and a brief cover letter telling us why you are a perfect person to join our team  by Monday, January 4 @ 4 pm . The sooner the better, because we are hiring NOW. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Salary: $25.00-$27.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 RRSP match 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Working with Seniors at risk of homelessness: 2 years (Preferred) 
 working with community agencies serving Seniors: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 B.C Class 5 (unrestricted) driver's license (Required) 
 Proof of ability to legally work in Canada (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 Bi-lingual in any language (Preferred) 
 French (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 YES_OCCASIONALLY 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
