Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Receptionist/Office Assistant 
 York University 
 __York University (Keele campus), ON 
 Apply Now 
 Purpose: 
The Receptionist/Office Assistant (ROA) provides front-line service to staff, faculty, members of the community, students and external clients on behalf of Procurement Services and the Finance Department. This position provides front desk coordination including daily reception services, screens all visitors and inquiries to the Office and redirects to the appropriate area. The ROA is responsible for providing administrative and clerical support to the Procurement Services team and performs a range of responsibilities within the mandate of Procurement Services. 
 Education: 
High school diploma with additional training in office administration. 
 Experience: 
Minimum 2-3 years related work experience including front line receptionist functions, basic office skills including PC, typing/keyboarding, phone experience, filing and spreadsheet maintenance. 
 Skills: 
Typing 45 words per minute, accuracy essential. Demonstrated spreadsheet ability (Excel preferred) and word processing (Word preferred) in a Windows environment. Effective oral communication to obtain and relay information both in person and over the phone. Effective customer service skills, working effectively as a member of a team, exercising tact, diplomacy, and discretion when dealing with others while maintaining confidentiality. Accuracy and attention to detail is essential. Excellent organizational skills, including setting priorities, multi-tasking and working effectively under pressure of high volume. Exercises initiative and good judgement. 
 Additional Notes: 
This position requires the candidate to produce a verification of degree(s), credentials(s), or equivalencies from accredited institutions and/or international equivalents at the time of interview. Hours of work: 8:30am to 4:30pm. 
 Click here for complete position details 
 In order to be considered as an internal applicant, York University employees in the YUSA-1 bargaining unit must apply for jobs through the Employee Career Portal - YU Hire. 
 If you are a current York University employee in the YUSA-1 bargaining unit and/or are using your job posting rights under the collective agreement to apply for jobs, you MUST log into YU Hire to access the York University Employee Career Portal. 
 As per Article 12.02(f) of the YUSA-1 Collective Agreement, to be considered an internal applicant, employees in the YUSA-1 bargaining unit must submit the application 5 working days following the first day of posting. this is referred to as the 'Posted Date' on the job the posting. This applies to YUSA-1 internal and YUSA-1 Concurrent postings. Please refer to the 'Posting Intent' on the job posting. 
 If not filled by an employee in the YUSA-1 bargaining unit, employees in the YUSA-2 bargaining unit who have applied within the first 5 days from the 'Posted Date' will be given preference. 
 The University welcomes applications from all qualified individuals, including, but not limited to women, persons with disabilities, visible minorities (racialized), aboriginal (Indigenous) persons and persons of any gender identity and sexual orientation. York University is committed to a positive, supportive and inclusive environment. 
 York University offers accommodation for applicants with disabilities in its recruitment processes. If you are contacted by York University regarding a job opportunity or testing, please advise if you require accommodation. 
 We are committed to enhancing our environmentally and socially responsible practices for the benefit of all members of the York community. Our long term perspective recognizes our responsibility to be innovators and to continually work as a community to reduce our ecological impact. 
 York University employees must apply to jobs through the Employee Career Portal - YU Hire. If you are a current York University employee and/or are using your rights under a collective agreement to view and/or apply to jobs, you MUST log into YU Hire to access the York University Employee Career Portal. 
 PLEASE NOTE:  All applications must be received by 11:55 pm EST on the posted deadline date, if applicable. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
