
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 zombie4hire 
 A rambling discourse from another member of the horde 
 ](https://zombie4hire.wordpress.com/ "zombie4hire") 
 
 Home 
 About 
 The All-Purpose Dictionariopede 
 
 Blog Archives 
 You Do  What  Now? 
 Apr 15 
 Posted by  Bobby Archer 
 Since I got my bachelor's, I've been working fairly consistently as a theatrical lighting designer. Seeing as I've had a number of other day jobs and supplemental jobs in this time (some of which I wasn't too happy to have), "theatrical lighting designer" was what I usually described my profession as. With anyone who didn't have experience in the theatre, this inevitably led to the question, "So…what does that mean?" 
 I have come up with an answer to this over the years: 
 "Have you ever seen a play?" 
"Yeah, I guess." 
"You know how you can see the actors?" 
"Yeah." 
"That's what I do." 
 Bad jokes aside, it's hard to explain what a lighting designer does. Basically, if someone doesn't have enough theatre knowledge to know what an LD does, then they likely don't have the knowledge I need to touch on to explain it. Even worse is trying to explain  how  I do what I do. That's a hard question even coming from other theatre folks. 
 Read the rest of this entry -> 
 Posted in  In the Theatre 
 3 Comments 
 Tags:  Day job ,  From Blogger ,  Lighting Design ,  Stagecraft ,  Theatre 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Examining the Agency Scale 
 Hiatus 
 Tonight, I Almost Flew 
 Welcome to my new home (pardon the dust) 
 To Infinity…Or Maybe Not! 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Art and Media  (4) 
 In the Theatre  (4)
 
 Lighting Design Simplified  (2) 
 
 
 It's All About ME  (5) 
 Notices  (3) 
 Roleplaying  (8)
 
 Examining Player Agency  (5) 
 
 
 Science!  (1) 
 Society  (3) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 
 
 
 Tweets from the Horde 
 
 Who's the monster now, hero?   uquiz.com/quiz/1SxQAI?p=…    twitter.com/AdiraSlattery/…   https://t.co/30jEErhMEu   10 hours ago 
 @ LauraBlegen  It's a residential street in Edgewater, so...lots of people around.  14 hours ago 
 How much trouble would one get in for dousing one's car in gasoline and setting it ablaze on the side of the road w…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   17 hours ago 
 RT @ GuilloMena : You see the soldiers in this picture? They are National Guardsmen from Puerto Rico, citizens, coming to Washington, DC to d…  1 day ago 
 @ PullerWrites  They definitely seem to have ended in a muffiny space.  1 day ago 
 Follow @BobbyArcher 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2010 United States Census   About me   agency scale   Alexander Macris   An Enemy of the People   Audiences   Blog   Blogger   Chicago   Choose Your Own Adventure   Clue   Dark Tower   Day job   Dead City Productions   Death   Dictionary   Disclaimer   Dissociative Identity Disorder   Dress code   Dungeons & Dragons   Email address   Exalted   Facebook   Facebook Connect   From Blogger   Gamemaster   Homebrew   Indie Games   Introduction   Lighting Design   Literature   Live action role-playing game   Markus Persson   Mass Effect   Men in Black   Minecraft   Mojang   Movies   New Year's Eve   New Year's resolution   Non-player character   Open world   Performing arts   Player Agency   Player character   Previews   Production team   Protips   Pseudonym   railroading   Reddit   Role-playing game   Roleplaying   sandbox   Savant and Sorcerer   Seating assignment   Shadowrun   Silent Hill   Social contract   Stagecraft   Stage Lighting   Stand-up comedy   Star Wars   Stephen King   Television   Theatre   Theatre Time   The Escapist (magazine)   Tickets   Types of fiction with multiple endings   Video Games   White Wolf   Wordpress   Workshopping   World of Darkness 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 To busy to check back all the time? Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts. 
 Join 1 other follower 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 The All-Purpose Dictionariopede 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
