  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Derby 
 Rate:  Â£20 - 25 per hour + . 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Test Engineer 
 Test Engineers Job Ref J657 
 We have opportunities on a contract basis for Test Engineers able to read schematic diagrams and carry out point to point testing. 
 The Test Engineer has responsibility for the testing of systems to ensure compliance and fit to run to laid down standards. 
 Ideally you will will be apprenticeship trained or qualified to NVQ level 3 or equivalent in an electrical discipline. 
 
 Pay rates are to £25.00 per hour paid via limited or umbrella company 
 Shift pattern 
 
 Clemtech are the Rolling Stock Labour Provider of Choice. 
 Supporting our Rolling Stock Clients, we specialise in offering flexible, innovative labour solutions where best practices bring real benefits both financially and in delivery. 
 From the Clemtech Head Office we deliver comprehensive recruitment solutions across the UK, Europe and Overseas providing our clients and candidates alike with unparalleled service, support and opportunities. 
 Application for this position and subsequent acceptance to attend an interview for the Test Engineers Jobs will be evident of your willingness to work in this role and may be suitable for you if you have been employed in the role of avionics technician, avionics test technician, electrical test, electronic test engineer, mobile test engineer, functional test in and around the Derby area and should be commutable from places like Derby, Burton Upon Trent, Ilkeston, Loughborough, Ashby De La Zouch, Belper, and Ripley. 
 This job vacancy is only open to candidates with the right to work in the U.K 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  Â£20 - 25 per hour + . 
 
 
 Location:  Derby 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Aerospace 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Clemtech 
 
 
 Contact:  Sean Durrant 
 
 
 Tel:  023 9224 2690 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  J657 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-24 16:58:30 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Clemtech  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Clemtech 
 
 Technical Author 
 Test Engineer 
 Cleaning Supervisor 
 Test Engineer 
 Sandbox Filling (Labouring)  
 Rolling Stock Improvements Engineer 
 Inventory Controller 
 Sandbox Filling (Labouring)  
 Inventory Controller 
 Cleaning Supervisor 
 Sandbox Filling (Labouring)  
 Rolling Stock Improvements Engineer 
 Labourer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
