Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Stores Person 
 Runnymede Healthcare Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We believe that outstanding care starts with outstanding people. 
 At Runnymede Healthcare Centre, we actively cultivate work-life balance and invest in the resources our staff need to do their best work. 
 Our award-winning, fully accredited hospital takes an inter-professional team approach to care. We provide comprehensive clinical services to patients who require expert treatment, extended rehabilitation and daily care beyond what can be provided at home or in the community. At Runnymede we have a single, clear purpose: improve the quality of life of every patient, every day. 
 If you want to join a centre of excellence with a multidisciplinary team who supports the delivery of patient-centered care, we want to hear from you today. 
 Stores Person – Casual:  The primary focus of the Stores Person is to ensure that supplies are ordered, received, and stocked in a timely fashion and that essential products are always available. The position controls and maintains inventory items efficiently from the receiving dock to the point just prior to consumption while conforming to overall customer requirements. 
 Application Deadline: October 27, 2020 
 Responsibilities Include: 
 
 Providing and maintaining good customer service, a smooth flow of goods and avoiding stock outs 
 Maintain a clean Central Supply room and ensure items are clean, organized, and in functional condition 
 Responsible for the physical handling of all incoming shipments, the identification of material, verification of quantities, and the routing of material to the place of use or storage 
 Scan Just In Time (JIT) clean supply rooms and upload to Cardinal Healthcare (twice weekly) averaging 350 lines per week 
 Replenish JIT rooms (twice a week). 
 Manage JIT application - print labels and adjust Periodic Automatic Replenishment (PAR) levels 
 Receive monthly Cardinal JIT invoice and charge to units 
 Pick items, issue in Great Plains (GP) software and deliver internal scans including paper and forms 
 Receive all Purchase Order’s (PO) for the centre in GP for accounting (service and supplies), and submit to Finance every other day 
 Physically receive medical supply shipments delivered to the centre using powered material handling equipment when trained 
 Manage back orders / liaise with purchasing 
 Create purchase requisitions in GP for stores items 
 Processing phone requests from across the hospital (average 5 per day) 
 Reorder oxygen cylinders 
 Sort and deliver Grand & Toy orders to end users and prepare monthly invoice and submit to Finance 
 Ship product returns and equipment for service to vendors 
 Deliver Biomed equipment as required (Pumps, Nebulizers, chair alarm monitors etc). 
 
 The successful candidate will possess the following qualifications/experience: 
 
 Completion of secondary school or equivalent and current Certification with Ontario Supply Chain Management 
 Two (2) years of experience in Inventory Control, preferably in a hospital setting; 
 Working knowledge of all aspects of Inventory Control as it relates to Payables, Purchasing, and Supply Chain; 
 Basic knowledge of the rules of statistics and performance measurement; 
 Working knowledge of integrated computerized inventory control systems 
 
 While we thank all applicants, only those under consideration for the position will be contacted. If you require accommodation during any stage of the recruitment process, please notify Human Resources. 
 Runnymede Healthcare Centre values inclusivity and diversity in the workplace. We encourage applicants from diverse backgrounds. We are committed to employment equity and providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities (AODA). 
 Any information obtained during the course of recruitment will be used for employment purposes only and not for any other purpose. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Inventory Control, preferably in a hospital setting;: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Ontario Supply Chain Management (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
