the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty' Category 
 Silver Linings in a Financial Meltdown: How Workers and Job-Seekers Can Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 The e-mail I got today was typical of what I've been hearing: "For the first time in my career I find myself unexpectedly searching for a job. Until recently, I was the sales manager for a well-known horticultural company and have been laid off because of the company's shaky financial picture." 
 In troubled economic times, a kind of paralysis sets in among the newly jobless like my e-mail correspondent, as well as workers who fear the axe may soon fall on them. Perhaps they are in denial, but too many of them hunker down and refuse to invest in the very tools they need to be ready for possible job loss. If you think your job is even remotely threatened by an economic meltdown, you must be ready with at a minimum, your resume and perhaps career coaching to help you regroup and find work as quickly as possible. 
 It's also smart to think in new ways and anticipate the silver linings that may result from the economic crisis. Taking inspiration from "the other side of the hiring desk," recruiting experts who have recently written about retooling in the face of the meltdown, this article helps point out hidden opportunities to be found in a downturn. 
 We know that freezes will occur freezes in spending, raises, career advancement, and worst of all, hiring. Writing on ERE.net, recruiting guru Dr. John Sullivan calls these "one of the first knee-jerk reactions many CFOs and senior managers take." What will freezes mean for you? And how can you find those silver linings? 
 Anticipate freezes.  Sullivan notes that an early-warning sign of hiring freezes is the "infamous paper-clip memo," in which management cautions workers to curtail spending on office supplies, travel, and professional-development activities. Such a memo often foreshadows a freeze. The paper-clip memo foretells that you must start thinking about preparing for job loss or for the difficulty you will encounter because of widespread hiring freezes in landing a new job. 
 Be alert to employers that may be doing lots of hiring before a freeze sets in.  Sullivan writes that "anticipating freezes often encourages hiring managers to hire 'a bunch' of people early (whether they are needed or not)." Network, talk to recruiters, and keep your ear to the ground to learn of extraordinary pre-freeze opportunities. 
 Leverage the winter of your discontent.  As ExecuNet Vice President Lauryn Franzoni observes in an article for SafetyXChange, "job dissatisfaction is a major challenge even when times are good. And right now, times are far from good." You may be happy in your job, but you could grow restless if your employer imposes freezes on promotions and raises. You may be itching to move on to a company that realizes the business case for approaches to dealing with the crisis that don't entail freezes. Or to a "fast and agile" company that has adopted what Sullivan calls the "new model for the global economy… firms [that] simultaneously hire and release workers in different areas." Now may be the time to seriously consider a job or career change. 
 If you are considering a career change, brainstorm the new jobs that may emerge from the crisis.  Kevin Wheeler, president and founder of Global Learning Resources, Inc., observes that "every recession is an opportunity to recalibrate, learn, and decide what skills and competencies are most likely to be needed as we emerge from this recession." He recalls that the need for skills in not only physical security, but also data and financial security, emerged from 9-11. Put on your thinking cap to predict what kinds of candidates will be needed to deal with the mess Wall Street left behind. Regulators, perhaps? The candidates for public office have emphasized the role of alternative-energy sources in rebuilding the economy. Start looking for niches and markets, such as green jobs, that may yield your next career. 
 Internal hiring will increase in importance.  Shifting people around internally is less costly than hiring outsiders, and as Sullivan writes, "managers need to increase the impact of their current employees by developing plans to transfer people internally from low-return areas to those with higher return." The recession climate could be a terrific time to make an internal move. You will need a great resume and other tools to migrate within the organization. A mentor can also be a huge help when you want to make an internal move. 
 Passive candidates are more desirable than ever.  Employers and recruiters covet passive candidates over those actively looking for a job. In these down times, recruiters whose activities may be somewhat curtailed by freezes will be building their databases of passive candidates. If you are nervous about job loss but not yet ready to actively pound the pavements, you can take advantage of your passive status by putting feelers to recruiters and positioning yourself as a desirable passive candidate who is nonetheless open to new opportunities. 
 Prepare for a slower pace.  The pace of hiring in recent years has been frenetic but is likely to slow significantly. Wheeler notes that recruiters have had no time to "plan, think, experiment" over the last five years, so frenzied has the pace of recruiting and hiring been. While the hiring process will likely take longer as employers review their budgets and best candidates, hiring decision-makers may give more attention to applicants. Be patient as the market cools down. 
 Be alert to employers who are taking advantage of the downturn.  Sullivan points to the lack of recruiting competition during troubled times. "A firm can now successfully attract experienced and college hires that their weak employment brand, pay rates, or location wouldn't normally allow." Suss out those employers and the good opportunities for the candidate who has his or her resume ready to go. Even if such employers don't represent your ideal, an interim position may tide you over until you're A-list employers are hiring again. 
 Weak performers may be the first to go.  Beyond downsizings, employers may look to the downturn as a good time to dump their poor performers. If your most recent evaluations have not been great, you may be among the most vulnerable. Be ready. On the flip side, if you're a great performer, you may find that the offloading the non-producers will open vacancies for you. 
 Networking, online and face-to-face, will soar in importance.  Recruiters and employers will seek recruiting methods that are less costly than business as usual. Wheeler recommends to them social networks, blogs, wikis, virtual job fairs, and virtual recruiting techniques. Here's your opportunity to delve or delve more deeply­ into social networking, deploy branding strategies, obtain an online portfolio, and more. Hiring decision-makers will also utilize good old-fashioned face-to-face networking to find employees. (Of course, networking has always been the most effective way to get a job, but it will be even more so now.) 
 Keeping in touch with non-hiring employers can still pay off.  Wheeler advises recruiters to "carefully, authentically, and regularly communicate with the best candidates." If recruiters and other hiring decision-makers are reaching out, be ready to reach back. Even if employers are not hiring, stay in touch and remain receptive to decision-maker outreach that may yield results when things improve. Lay the foundation for success while you wait for the economy to rebound. 
 Final thought: This too shall pass.  Although he doesn't make clear how the phenomenon happens, Sullivan writes that "any review of history will reveal that the majority of wealth in modern civilizations is more often than not created during times of significant economic crisis." Economic conditions are always cyclical. Sooner or later, things will be better. 
 See also these  Job-Hunting During a Recession Articles for Job-Seekers . 
 by  Katharine Hansen, Ph.D. 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Make the Best of a Bad Economy ,  Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Job-Hunting in a Weak Job Market: 5 Strategies for Staying Upbeat (and Improving Your Chances of Success) 
 Job Market Blues:  A malady affecting millions of Americans during a weak job market caused by a struggling economy. Symptoms include high levels of anxiety, fear, and depression related to keeping one's current job or finding a new job, tied to the ability to pay one's bills and maintain a place to live and food to eat. 
 For many job-seekers, searching for a new job is a stressful experience. The end result, though, is usually a positive one in which the job-seeker is rewarded for his or her past accomplishments with a better job, a job that has more prestige, higher pay, and perhaps with a better organization. 
 But when you have to conduct a job-search in a weak job market, the stress level increases dramatically especially if you are currently unemployed, expect to be let go from your current employer, or work in an industry or profession that has seen widespread job cuts. 
 To make matters worse, it's hard not to get anxious and depressed from the daily economic and job news we receive. Just about every day we hear about another company announcing layoffs or some economist predicting more months of job losses and a sharp increase in the unemployment rate… leading many into the Job Market Blues. 
 Let's face it if very few politicians will. The U.S. economy is in a recession. While other economic data may not yet confirm what many of us have known for months, history shows that anytime in the last century when the economy has had at least six consecutive months of job losses, the economy has ultimately been declared in recession. 
 So, when all this bad news abounds and adds to the stress you already feel in trying to find a new job, how do you keep your focus and stay upbeat? What's the remedy? Granted, it can be difficult, but if you follow the five strategies in this article, you should be well on your way to overcoming the stress and anxiety and landing that next great job or at least a job that will help you pay your bills. 
 1. Keep a positive focus.  In a weak job market, employers that are actually hiring workers have a much greater selection of prospective candidates and will quickly eliminate any job-seekers who appear desperate or too negative. 
 Your goal, even if you are scrambling to pay your mortgage and put food on the table, is to appear outwardly positive. Employers seek job candidates who are confident and specific about the jobs they seek and the impact they can make in those positions. 
 You may need to consider temping or a survival job if you are currently unemployed while you seek a new job in your profession, and while that is not the ideal scenario, doing so will allow you to pay your bills, gain some renewed confidence, and give you an emotional boost that will help in your job interviews. 
 If you were downsized or fired, you face some additional challenges of convincing yourself that you are still a good job prospect. 
 One final tip. When the bad news is overwhelming or you are feeling angry and frustrated, try and find a way to step outside the bubble. Take a few hours to get away from all the bad news do something enjoyable like going to the park or beach or down to the river to fish. Doing so will not make all the bad news disappear but will give you a mental break you need to face the next challenges. 
 2. Surround yourself with support . Do not suffer through a bad time alone. Seek out the emotional support of family and friends. Sometimes just talking out about our fears and the stress we are experiencing makes us feel better. 
 Whatever you do, don't hide your problems from the people closest to you. There is no shame in being downsized or in struggling to find new employment. The comfort you can receive from a spouse, significant other, parent, or friend can be enough to give you the emotional boost you need to reinvigorate your job-search. 
 The other benefit from seeking the support of others is that the more people in your network of contacts that know you are seeking a job, the more likely you will uncover more job leads that you may never have found if people around you did not know you were seeking a new position. 
 One final tip. While using your existing network for support is a good start, consider taking additional steps to expanding your network. Join one or more community or professional organizations. An even better idea? Join together with other job-seekers in forming a job club, which has then dual benefits of offering support and potential job leads. 
 3. Don 't believe everything you hear or read.  While much of the current employment news is certainly awful and we sometimes feel badly reporting that news in the Quintessential Careers Blog the reality is that there are many companies hiring new employees every day. 
 Of course, it's not just employment news that turns our stomachs, but all the other economic bad news such as faltering banks, the weak dollar, rising inflation, and a president who wishes he had a magic wand to fix all the problems. 
 But there are also programs and professionals that can assist you in improving your job-hunting techniques or offering retraining opportunities. And the Congress is working on extending unemployment benefits and other economic packages to assist people struggling with bad mortgages. 
 One final tip. If you watch your local television news, turn it off at least until you have a new job. Several organizations have proven that most local news programs sensationalize bad news for ratings, and the more you watch these programs, the more you feel that the world is collapsing around you and you simply do not need that kind of atmosphere when you are struggling to keep your confidence. 
 4. Have long-term focus, but short-term goals.  The most successful job-seekers have a long-term career strategy developed with smaller short-term goals to assist them in achieving that long-term goal. 
 Your most basic goal may be to simply find a new job in your field, but even in this job market, that could be more long-term. Instead of dwelling too much on getting the job, put more emphasis on the process of finding the job. 
 In other words, create daily job-hunting goals for yourself. Make it a goal to accomplish several things each day, such as tracking down job leads, applying for jobs, making new network contacts, following up job leads, going on job interviews. 
 One final tip. It's a bit of a cliche, but the best way to really focus on finding a new job is to treat the job-search like a job in itself. Invest as much time, energy, and commitment to finding a new job as you do at your job. The more things you can do today to find a new job will result in more job opportunities maybe not tomorrow or even next month, but the rewards will come to you. 
 5. Remember that everything counts.  Of course, everything counts -- but let's use a marketing example to demonstrate that when you are seeking a new job you are basically marketing yourself to prospective employers. 
 Marketing is not just about having a great product, but also having the right packaging, distribution, price, and promotion to attract consumers. There are many stories of great products that have failed miserably because of some flaw in the other elements of marketing. 
 If you are struggling with your job-search, review your entire marketing package: 
 Your product. All products need some freshening at times, but they also need to have obvious features that are in demand. Review your accomplishments, education and training, and other elements that make you or can make you a strong candidate. Just as consumers love new and shiny products, so too do employers seek job candidates who have the best mix of education, training, and accomplishments all packaged in a friendly, positive, and professional style. 
 Your promotion. The three most important elements in promoting yourself to employers are cover letters, resumes, and interviewing technique. If you are not getting any interviews, the problem could very well be with your resume or cover letter; seek advice from experts about the quality of your resume and cover letters (from local career one-stop centers, former bosses, your college career center, or a resume service). If you are going on interviews but not obtaining any offers, the problem may be with your interviewing style; consider asking a hiring manager who did not hire you to critique your interviewing style, or consider conducting a mock interview with someone in your network or a local career professional. 
 Your distribution channels. The vast majority of job-seekers who struggle in any economy to find a job typically are only utilizing a small part of their job-search distribution channels. When job-hunting, your most important channel for uncovering job lead is your network of contacts, the vast majority of new hires result from a personal recommendation of a network contact. And with the expansion of Web 2.0 tools, networking has exploded online. Besides networking, other channels for uncovering job leads includes: Web job boards (national, local, and industry/profession), company job postings, trade publications, local newspapers, cold calling, recruiters, career fairs, and career centers (local, university). 
 Your pricing. In any job market, it's important to have a realistic idea of your value to prospective employers, but it is even more important in a weak market to not price yourself out of the chance to obtain the interview or receive the job offer. Use industry salary information as well as salary Website information to determine the salary you seek especially if employers ask for that information from the beginning with a salary request. You should also have a strong understanding of the salary negotiation process so you're ready when the time arises. Finally, you typically should not undervalue yourself when job-hunting, but in bad times, you may be forced to take a big cut in salary just to pay the bills; if so, stay determined that it is just a temporary setback until the market gets better or until you can find a better job. 
 One final tip. Whether you believe the power that marketing has in job-hunting, the most important thing to remember is that you should always put your best foot forward in all aspects of job-hunting. You cannot be defeatist. You cannot appear demanding. You cannot appear or act overqualified. If you are not getting any interviews or if you are obtaining interviews only to be told you are underqualified or overqualified, the problem is indeed in the marketing of yourself and you'll need to fix it before you'll be successful. 
 Final Thoughts 
In a struggling economy, the Job Market Blues affect us all. Staying upbeat in these weak economic times is tough even when you are happily employed and not seeking new employment. Job-hunting in such a job market can place a great strain on your self-confidence and outlook for the future. By following the advice in this article, you'll not only regain some of your confidence but ideally uncover ways you can enhance and improve your job-search, leading to both short-term and long-term job goal successes and beating the blues. 
 by  Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 --------------------------------------------- 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Networking ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Facing Your Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 If you're expecting a performance review soon, understand that there's no place to hide nowadays. 
 Over the years, the corporate performance review has been seen as the ticket to our annual raise or quarterly bonus. That notion has become almost automatic in our thinking, but it will be a big mistake in an economic downturn. 
 This obsolete way of thinking will certainly net you less in compensation or bonus, if you receive any. If you expect an automatic raise or promotion, your employer may doubt your continued viability, especially if corporate revenue is shrinking. 
 A Raise is a Reward, Not a Right 
Executive recruiter Neil McNulty advises being careful about how you handle your performance review. Too often employees have perceived the performance review as a mere ritual to the next raise. If sales are down in your company, expect cuts all across the board. As the principal recruiter with the McNulty Management Group out of Norfolk, VA, McNulty advises his candidates from the perspective of one who has seen the ups and downs of the economy over the past 20-plus years. 
 As a result, Neil suggests that you not expect an equivalent raise for the same amount of output you might have received in the past. This is a time to let go of the old expectations when it comes to this year's performance review. Too many people think that if they received a 7 percent raise in the past, then that's their right, and they better get it. That's old thinking that will have no traction these days. 
 As an alternative, be prepared to think and talk "return-on-investment," meaning preparing ahead of time by developing a list of examples of how you have helped positively impact the company's bottom line. If you're in management, this exercise may seem obvious and unnecessary. If so, lose that attitude. Instead, use this as an opportunity to make sure that nothing is lost in translation. Your review can be your moment to nail it and re-emphasize those specific achievements and accomplishments that you can take credit for. After all, demonstrating your ROI can mean the difference between nothing and thousands of dollars to your personal bottom line, not to mention additional security and consideration for future responsibilities within the organization. 
 You may need to do some additional preparation for your review. One strategy is to approach the review as if it were an interview. If you were a job-seeker today, you would realize that skills and length of service are no longer selling points. Differentiating yourself in some memorable way by citing past accomplishments has become a ticket to success in today's competitive economy. That means answering the "what's in it for me?" question. In the performance review, the question translates to "what have you done for me lately?" 
 Think of the performance review as an opportunity to apply for your job as if it were the first time. Take nothing for granted and get notes on paper to back up your conversation in the meeting. If you're a revenue-generator in the company, be prepared to list the specific gains you contributed. If you're not a revenue-generator, be prepared to illuminate instances when you've saved the company money. When you develop your list, be as specific as you can, and be sure to include the specific result in your example. 
 Final Thoughts 
In today's economy, be careful how you handle performance reviews. You can't afford to take the same old mindset of entitlement. See your past performance as part of a bigger picture that has helped the organization's bottom line. Arrive prepared to discuss specific examples to answer the "what have you done for me lately?" question. 
 by  Joe Turner 
 ----------------------------------------------------- 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Developing Your Job/Career/Life Survival Plan: Preparing for the Possibility of Losing Your Job in Weak Economic Times 
 Let's start with something positive: the job market will get better. Even though we are bombarded with news of company collapses, massive layoffs, and talk of the unemployment rate hitting close to 8 percent in 2009, we should stay focused on the things we can control which include things like upholding strong job performance, building a strong internal and external brand, and keeping a strong hold on the reality of your situation. 
 In any economy, no one's job is safe, but in a weak and unstable economy, the concept of job security goes off the table. What can you do to prepare yourself for this type of work environment? Here are 10 steps to developing your job, career, and life survival plan. 
 **1. Don 't stick your head in the sand. **While it's a natural inclination to avoid or hide from bad or potentially bad news, you must stay alert to the signs that your company or your job (or both) are in trouble. Numerous signs will suggest that your job may be in jeopardy, including problems the company is facing (such as corporate restructuring, big drop in earnings, and rumors of a merger or acquisition) and factors related to you and your job (such as being reassigned from strategic projects, not being invited to key team meetings, and negative comments from your boss). Once you see the evidence stacking up, jump into action to protect yourself, your job, your marketability, your finances, and your family. 
 2. Create or strengthen your distinctive niche/personal brand.  Most of us, in normal times, don't spend a lot of time on our careers. We're so focused on doing our job to the best of our abilities that we sometimes lose sight on the importance of building and promoting our career brand. While your job is not in jeopardy, you should be taking advantage of your employer's benefits to further your education, training, and certifications. But even when your job is in jeopardy, track your accomplishments weekly and develop a clear and distinctive niche -- a personal brand -- that you can use as a key tool to find your next job. Of course along with building your brand, you also need to retool your resume, polish your interviewing strategy, and seek opportunities through a variety of methods (including the all-important method of networking, step #4). 
 3. Develop a career strategy with multiple options.  You always want options, but in a bad economy or when trying to safely jump from a dying organization, job-seekers need a strategy with multiple options… you need not only Plan A, but also Plan B, Plan C, and Plan D. Your main career goal should be your top option, such as another job in the same field. But when you face the possibility of getting downsized, it's also an opportunity to evaluate what you really want to do in the next phase of your life -- which might include changing careers. You also may need to consider taking an interim job, such as temporary work or consulting. A final option to have on the table is simply a job that will pay the bills until things get better (what experts call a survival job -- see step #9). Even if you're the type that hates planning, now is the time to map out some potential exit strategies that are best for you. And, most importantly when conducting your planning, follow Apple's strategy and "think different" to uncover multiple career options. 
 4. Stay connected with your network.  If your industry is contracting and/or your employer is likely to announce a company-wide restructuring and downsizing, chances are most people in your network have already heard the rumors. Too often in times of trouble when we should be reaching out to our network of friends and contacts for their assistance we hide in shame or embarrassment. Bad things happen to all of us at one time or another. Swallow the bitter pill as quickly as possible and begin talking, phoning, and emailing all the people in your circle from friends and family to former co-workers and bosses. Seek their advice and ask for information about people they know who may be hiring. In other words, your mission is to seek job leads that you can lead you to a new job. Along the way, you can also ask for career advice. 
 5. Get organized at work, gathering contacts and resources.  While it is certainly not time to panic or cause panic it is a good time to get things in order in case a downsizing occurs, and especially if it is one in which employees are told at the end of the business day to vacate the premises and not return. So, move all your personal files to a flash drive that you can remove at a moment's notice. Have your file of performance reviews and what I call "kudos comments" (boss, co-worker, or customer spontaneous notes to you about your good work) on your desk or in a handy location. Personally, I would bring them home today so that I don't accidentally forget them. It's also a good time to quietly gather co-workers' personal email addresses and ask a few key people whether they would serve as references for you should anything happen. Of course, also provide your information to others and agree to serve as references for them. If possible, request a copy of your personnel file "for your records." If your employer is offering severance packages to people at your job level, you should read all the details even if you are positive you want to stay with the employer. 
 6. Prepare your finances by developing a conservative budget.  One of the things that many downsized workers do is to keep spending at a level beyond their means it's kind of a way to protect their ego from the reality of the situation which just makes matters worse when the bills arrive. Instead, prepare yourself ahead of time and start making adjustments to your budget now so that perhaps you'll even have a cushion to fall back on if the layoffs become a reality. You can always find some non-essential items in everyone's daily or weekly spending, whether cutting back on eating out or walking the few blocks to work rather than taking the bus or subway. Find ways to become more thrifty. If you have any kind of company-based pension plan, now is also a good time to familiarize yourself with the options from rolling it into your next employer's plan to being able to withdraw money to afford your housing, fuel, or food costs. 
 7. Make use of all your benefits before they disappear.  While some employers may pay you for any unused vacation days if you're laid off, many others will not and none will pay you for unused personal days, comp time, or sick days. So, you might consider taking some time ideally to find a job with a more stable employer. And if you have employer-based health benefits, now is the time to schedule that physical, eye exam, or dental appointment. While you can buy extended health coverage if you are terminated, expect the costs to be double or triple or even higher than what you had been paying. If you have unreimbursed expenses, submit those receipts as soon as possible. If your employer still has a professional development budget and you find a seminar, class, or certification that can improve your job performance (as well as make you more marketable when job-hunting), go for it. 
 8. Put together a layoff plan.  No one likes planning for bad scenarios, but it makes sense to be prepared for the worst. No matter how much you try to prepare for it, the shock of a layoff is traumatic -- and you will not be able to think straight for quite some time. So, it's best to develop a plan now, while you are thinking normally. Ideally, develop a one, three, and six-month plan to cover the time you may be unemployed. (In a really bad economy, you might want to also develop a one-year plan.) You'll want to include in the plan contingencies such as money set aside in a layoff fund for the most basic bills; a strategy for telling your partner, family, and your network; a home-equity or line of credit for emergency use; a quiet place in which you can base your new job-search; a revised resume showcasing your skills and accomplishments; and a list of job-support organizations and groups. You may also want to include a list of financial and job-search resources, such as the location of the local unemployment office or one-stop career center. 
 9. Consider a survival job to pay the bills.  Depending on the economy, your industry, and your profession, you may not be able to find a job at the same level as you had before the layoff. Never give up on finding that job (or one at a higher level), but there may come a time when you are close to exhausting your savings and other financial resources when you'll be forced to make a decision about how long you can last without any job and how well you can handle a working in a job that you feel is beneath you but one that will help pay the most basic of bills. Taking a survival job can be a humbling experience. You'll need to check your ego at the door, and you'll probably work longer and harder hours than you have in years. 
 10. Find support from family and friends and keep a positive outlook.  Besides getting a good handle on your finances, the next most important thing you can do is seek the solace of family and friends (rather than hiding the news from them, which many laid off workers attempt to do). Family and friends can help mend your ego and emotions by providing the positive support you'll need. If you are like most people, you'll need to work out your feelings of anger, embarrassment, fear, and others that typically follow a layoff and while some of that will need to be done on your own, the more people giving you positive reinforcement, the faster your recovery. 
 Final Thoughts 
While you never know what to expect when your employer is struggling to survive in a weak economy, the chances that you might be downsized increase greatly no matter what your job and you can better prepare yourself for the worst possible outcome by developing a plan to assist you in getting through the situation. What's the worst that could happen? You waste a few hours developing a plan you never have to use? That's the best scenario! 
 by  Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Networking ,  Dream Job ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty: Five Overlooked Strategies to Help Make Your Job Search More Productive and Successful 
 In times when the economy falters, when financial markets fall, and when companies of all sizes in many industries announce plans to reduce their workforce, job-seekers tend to get a bit concerned about the length and success of the job search they may face. It almost goes without saying that job-hunting in a boom economy is quite different (and much easier) than job-hunting in a slumping economy. 
 Different, yes. Harder and often more time-consuming, yes. Impossible, no. Job-hunting is an art that simply takes more time and work to perfect in uncertain times than in good times. You will have to work harder and smarter at finding new opportunities, but they are out there, and if you take advantage of these five strategies you will be much better positioned to land a new job. 
 Utilizing the Power of Networking 
What's the most important tool of job-hunting, especially in times of uncertainty? Not a resume nor interviewing skills…but networking. Why networking? Networking is the most effective tool of job-hunting because if you use your network properly, you will hear of multiple job opportunities, often before they are even listed (if they are ever listed). 
 Some job-seekers shy away from networking because they equate networking with taking advantage of people, but if done correctly, networking can be a rewarding experience for all parties involved. Networking is not asking everyone you know for a job. Networking means developing a broad list of contacts family, friends, and people you've met through various social and business functions and using them to your advantage when you look for a job. People in your network may be able to give you job leads, offer you advice and information about a particular company or industry, and introduce you to others so that you can expand your network. 
 Now is the time to broaden your network even if you are not currently looking for a new job. You never know when you'll need your network, so make every effort to grow it. 
 Need more information about networking? We have lots of networking tips, names and contacts for numerous networking and professional organizations, networking do's and don'ts, and much more in  The Career Guide . 
 Finding Hidden Job Opportunities 
In good times job openings are plentiful, but in uncertain times the job openings disappear. Job-seekers are left scrambling for the few “open” jobs. But there are always other job possibilities lurking in the background, and it is up to the persistent job-seeker to find those hidden job opportunities and/or to create new opportunities. 
 Finding hidden opportunities.  Job-seekers must take full advantage of their network to uncover as many potential job openings as possible. Hunt down every lead. Consider using cold calling techniques to find other opportunities. Focus more of your time and energy here than trying to respond to every job posting at Monster.com or the other job boards. 
 Creating new opportunities.  As companies downsize and consolidate job functions, many opportunities may arise for a job-seeker with the right skills. Determine your most marketable skills, examine the ongoing needs of the employers where you want to work (including your current employer), and develop a proposal showcasing how the employer would benefit from hiring you. 
 Sharpening the Focus of Your Resume 
One of the most important tips you can take away from this article is this one: resumes are supposed to document your skills and accomplishments, not your duties and responsibilities. Make a list of the two or three accomplishments from each of your recent jobs and then use them on your resume. Try to quantify accomplishments as much as possible. 
 Decide whether a traditional chronological resume format is better for you or whether you need a functional resume format, or some type of hybrid format. 
 Consider developing a "qualifications summary" or "key accomplishments" section for your resume. Think of this section as the executive summary of your resume. If the employer reads only this one part of your resume, will it be enough to entice the employer to read the rest of your resume? 
 Develop multiple resumes, perhaps even customizing each resume you send to the specific job and employer. Also consider multiple resume formats, from the standard formatted paper resume to a scannable text resume and Web-based resume. 
 Finally, remember that a resume is a living document. You are never "done" with your resume. You should update and edit your resume(s) regularly, adding new accomplishments and skills, sharpening the focus, removing outdated material. 
 Developing a Dynamic Cover Letter 
A cover letter is an integral tool of your job search. Perhaps in the past you have been able to get good jobs with a mediocre cover letter, but in uncertain times, your cover letter becomes the main tool that can determine whether your resume is read and whether you are even considered as a candidate for a position. 
 How can you improve your cover letter? Let's review the two most important parts of the cover letter: the introductory paragraph and the ending paragraph. 
 The first paragraph of your cover letter must sell the employer on the benefits/skills/talent you will bring to the job - a mix that no other job-seeker has and one that has a clear benefit to the employer. Do not waste this critical opening paragraph. 
 Weak opening paragraph:  I am writing today to apply for the account manager position you have posted on your company Website. 
 Better opening paragraph:  I have increased the size and sales levels of my client base in every position I have held, which in turn has increased the revenues and profits of my employers. I want to bring this same success to the account position you have posted on your Website. 
 The final paragraph of your cover letter must be proactive. You must ask for the job interview (or a meeting) in this paragraph. You must express your confidence that you are a perfect fit for the job. You must also put the employer on notice that you plan to follow-up within a specified time. 
 Weak closing paragraph:  I hope you will review my resume, and if you agree with what I have stated here, consider me for the position. I look forward to hearing from you soon. 
 Better closing paragraph:  I am eager to help advance the success of your company, and I am convinced that we should arrange a time to meet. I will call your office in the next week to schedule an appointment. 
 Mastering the Art of Follow-Up 
In good times, some job-seekers may be able to get away with being impolite in not sending thank you letters and being lazy by not following up all leads, but in a tight or uncertain job market, job-seekers must follow-up every job lead, every job application, and every job interview. 
 Some job-seekers may see follow-up as too aggressive, but the cliché about the squeaky wheel getting the grease applies to job-seeking. As long as you don't contact the employer too often or act abusive, following up with emails or phone calls is a way to stay at the forefront of the minds of the employers, as well as a way for you to stay on top of the status of the search. Each time you follow-up, your strategy should be to reinforce the perception that you are the ideal candidate for the job; the job-seeker with the unique set of skills and experiences required for the job. 
 Follow-up each cover letter and resume you send with a phone call or email requesting an interview. Follow-up each interview you have with a thank you note or letter to each person who interviewed you. And follow-up your thank you note with a phone call or email to again express your interest and fit with the job and check on the status of the search. 
 Final Thoughts 
Persistence and patience are the important traits to have when job-hunting in uncertain times. Persistence, because as mentioned in this article, the job-seeker that tracks down all leads and follows up with every person is the one who is going to have more opportunities. And patience because in uncertain times, employers will slow down (sometimes even stall) the job search process, so you need to be prepared for the job search to be long. 
 by Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 visit [http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm](http://www.computertipsntricks.com/ITcert.htm) 


or visit <[http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/](http://www.computertipsntricks.com/)> for 


Career Building in all type of Tech. & I.T. Fields and 


Exams/Certifications & a lot more …. 
 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Dream Job ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
