
 
 __ 
 
 __719-296-0222 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Temporary Traffic Control 
 
 
 Permanent Sign Installation 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Careers 
 We’d love to have you on our team! 
 Work Zone Traffic Control, LLC is always looking to add more traffic control supervisors, sign crew members, and flaggers to our team. If you are interested in becoming a part of our team please fill out our application! 
 Apply Now 
 Physical Resources 
 Application Form 
 MVR Request Form 
 New Hire Paperwork 
 New Hire Policies 
 Signature Pages 
 Direct Deposit Form 
 Traffic Control Supervisors 
 The Traffic Control Supervisor will be responsible for placing, maintaining, and removing traffic control operations per MUTCD and/or according to local and state regulations. 
 Requirements 
 
 Traffic Control Supervisor must have a valid driver license and be able to be added to our insurance. 
 Must have a decently clean MVR Record. 
 Must have experience and hold a Traffic Control Supervisor Certification through ATSSA or CCA. 
 Will be required to go through a background screening 
 Will be assigned a company vehicle and cell phone. 
 
 Essential Duties 
 
 
 Respond to calls in timely manner within 1 hour when on-call. 
 
 
 Maintain all equipment in a safe and working condition 
 
 
 Preform pre job inspections 
 
 
 Check inventory and inspect equipment needed for job 
 
 
 Load all required equipment into vehicle 
 
 
 Navigate safely to and from office to jobsites 
 
 
 Setting up devices: cones, signs, barrels barricades etc. on jobsites per MUTCD guidelines. 
 
 
 Flagging of traffic to ensure safe work zone for customers, employees and traveling public 
 
 
 Coordinating with customers and employees ensuring a safe, efficient and problem free service 
 
 
 Completing required paperwork, receipts and time sheets on or before mandatory deadlines. 
 
 
 Report any and all unsafe conditions to supervisor as soon as possible 
 
 
 Ability to effectively communicate (written and verbal) information to customers, employees and the traveling public 
 
 
 Other duties as assigned 
 
 
 Flagger Operator 
 Flaggers control and direct movement of the traveling public through construction work sites using flag paddles and/or flag signals. Flaggers warn each other and/or construction workers when approaching vehicles fail to heed signals to prevent accident and injury to workers. Flaggers also inform drivers of detour routes, expected delays etc. Flaggers are responsible for public safety. 
 Requirements for Certification: 
 
 
 This video must be watched in order to take the certification test. 
 
 
 The Flagger Manual – This is mandatory to study for the test. 
 
 
 A score of 85% must be met in order to pass. 
 
 
 Pueblo, CO 
 __Don Janssen 
 __djanssen@workzonetrafficcontrol.com 
 __719-334-2249 
 Colorado Springs, CO 
 __Don Janssen 
 __djanssen@workzonetrafficcontrol.com 
 __719-334-2249 
 Denver, CO 
 __Nicole Dowd 
 __ndowd@workzonetrafficcontrol.com 
 __720-467-0394 
 Sign Crew Members – Job Requirements and Duties 
 
 
 Valid driver’s license  – Being able to get to work every day without an issue, also being able to drive trucks and equipment when needed along with hauling trailers. 
 
 
 Lifting weight  – You will be asked to lift awkward weight and also heavy weight at times. 
 
 
 Weather conditions  – Working in all weather conditions and being prepared with the correct clothing and PPE to get the task at hand done with no excuses. 
 
 
 Operating equipment  – Being able/ learn to operate skid steers, bucket trucks, and crane trucks. 
 
 
 Using Hand tools  – Will be asked to use drills, impacts, wrenches, levels, generators, jack hammers, hydraulic pounders, post pullers, demo saw, core drills, chain saw, sledge hammers, shovels, and spud bars. 
 
 
 Concrete work  – Will be working around concrete quite often, pouring holes and finishing the bases with trowel. As well as cutting concrete and jack hammering it out. 
 
 
 Working hours  - Being able to work long hours and being on your feet for long periods of time. As well as working weekends. 
 
 
 Staying out of town  – Being able to stay out of town week by week for periods of time. 
 
 
 Paperwork  – Being able to complete your timecard/dailies every day. Also doing vehicle inspections along with trailer and equipment inspections. 
 
 
 Working on ladders and at heights  – Being able to wear fall protection and work from heights in a bucket truck along with working on a ladder. 
 
 
 Fence  – Being able to work long hours on the fence line dealing with barbed wire and chain link. 
 
 
 SITE MAP 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Temporary Traffic Control 
 
 
 Permanent Sign Installation 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Safety Statement 
 Work Zone Traffic Control, LLC accepts the responsibility of providing tools and safety training to our employees, ensuring the safety of each of our team members, fellow construction workers, our customers, and the traveling public at all times. Our goal is an injury-free work zone where workers and travelers feel safe and protected from the dangers that may be present during the construction and maintenance of our roadways. In the office or on the job site, our superior service is founded on the prioritization of safety at all times. 
 (C) 2021  WorkZone Traffic    |    Murfreesboro Web Design  by  Titan Web Marketing Solutions    |    Terms of Service & Privacy Policy 
