Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Patient Support Assistant (CUPE), Emergency - Part Time - Markham site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
As a patient support assistant, you will work in partnership with the RN and RPN to provide patient care and will become an integral member of the interprofessional team. The focus is on quality and patient/family centred care with a strong emphasis on customer satisfaction. 
 The responsibilities include assisting the patient with the basic activities of daily living, e.g. bathing, nutrition, positioning and ambulation. In addition, you will be responsible for non-patient care support duties including stocking treatment areas and carts, maintaining linen supplies and the cleanliness of the patient rooms (for admission and discharge), utility rooms, nursing station, tub and shower rooms and patient care equipment. As an effective team member you will utilize your strong communication skills and be actively involved in quality management initiatives. 
 Physical Demands: 
Frequent moderate and heavy exertion (e.g. pushing stretchers, wheelchairs, etc.) 
Lifting over 60 lbs. 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate would be required to work 12 hour shifts, days (0900h - 2100h) , Monday - Sunday, as per the needs of the unit. Please note schedules may change due to operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
$22.30 - $24.69 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Completion of a recognized personal support worker certificate or health care aide program from a community college or equivalent education 
Current BCLS certification 
Previous related experience, preferably in an acute care facility 
Proficient computer and documentation skills 
Knowledge of universal precautions and medical terminology an asset 
Strong customer service, interpersonal and written and verbal communication skills 
Demonstrated ability to work well independently and as part of an interprofessional team 
Strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize workload 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
