Skip to content 
 
 Queen City Sounds and Art 
 Music and Art in Denver and Beyond 
 Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
   
 Tag: Jobless 
 Best Shows in Denver 7/11/19 - 7/17/19 
   
 Laraaji, performs at Rhinoceropolis on July 12. Photo by Greg C Photography  ( www.gregcphotography.com ) 
 Thursday | July 11 
 Deerhunter circa 2013, photo by Tom Murphy 
 What:   Deerhunter w/Moon Diagrams 
 When:  Thursday, 07.11, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Ogden Theatre 
 Why:  Deerhunter's main contribution to modern rock music is fusing a garage punk energy and sensibility with a knack for otherworldly melodies and a gift for soundscaping straight from the realm of dreams. Oh, and a genuinely emotional intensity that comes from a deep place of alienation and, paradoxically, yearning for connection.  Why Hasn 't Everything Already Disappeared?  is the group's 2019 album and a commentary on the seemingly broken world (politically, economically, socially, culturally) we find ourselves in at the moment. 
 Friday | July 12 
 Versing, photo by Gordon De Los Santos 
 What:   Froth w/Versing and Shark Dreams 
 When:  Friday, 07.12, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Globe Hall 
 Why:  Versing's 2019 record on Sub Pop  10000  is a pointed take on an unwillingness to commit to being on the right side of history at a time when the twin forces of oligarchy and fascism are on the rise and infiltrating and coming to political ascendancy worldwide. Its angular dynamics surge forth with great momentum while remaining tunefully melodic. Froth is a fuzzy psychedelic band whose vocals seem more soulful than bratty and that makes all the difference. 
 What:   The Blasters, Supersuckers and Wayne The Train Hancock and MC Clownvis Presley 
 When:  Friday, 07.12, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Bluebird Theater 
 Why:  The Blasters are legends of southern California rock whose mix of Americana, rockabilly, R&B and blues effected with impressive musical chops and raw passion made the group respected in circles much wider than the image of a blues rock band might now. Supersuckers moved from from Tucson, Arizona to Seattle in 1989, a year after forming, and became immersed in the then burgeoning alternative rock world but like other significant bands of the era like Love Battery and Gas Huffer never really got big but put on lively performances and produced good records. Not really grunge so much as garage rock and in the past couple of decades they've been known to do some more country-oriented shows. Seeing as they're sharing the bill with The Blasters that is a distinct possibility. 
 What:   Hi-Dive Hug Down: Panther Martin, Super Bummer, Jobless, Night Champ 
 When:  Friday, 07.12, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  Group Hug is putting out albums by some of Denver's best lo-fi indie rock bands and this is a showcase for some of the best of the lot. None of them are much alike and all experimented with a more popular style earlier in their lives as bands but are now making truly interesting music. 
 What:   Patriarchy in Retrograde at Mercury Café: R A R E B Y R D $, Lady of Sorrows, Bonnie Weimer 
 When:  Friday, 07.12, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Mercury Café 
 Why:  Celebrating the inevitable end of the patriarchy you can catch some of Denver's most innovative female musicians including transcendental hip-hop group R A R E B Y R D $, operatic, beat-driven darkwave ambient artist Lady of Sorrows and the avant-folk of Bonnie Weimer. 
 Saturday | July 13 
 FELIX FAST4WARD, photo by Tom Murphy 
 What:   Laraaji performs “Vision Songs” w/Free Music, J. Hamilton Isaacs, Goo Age and Fragrant Blossom 
 When:  Saturday, 07.13, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Rhinoceropolis 
 Why:  Multi-instrumentalist ambient and drone legend, and Eno collaborator, Laraaji makes a rare Denver appearance to perform from his vocal material “Vision Songs.” Laraaji fuses performance, composition and spiritual practice and does workshops on “Laughter Meditation” throughout the world. Read our  interview with Laraaji here . 
 What:   Esmé Patterson w/FELIX FAST4WARD 
 When:  Saturday, 07.13, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Dazzle 
 Why:  Esmé Patterson may have made her name as a songwriter in the more Americana vein with her old band Paper Bird. But as a solo artist she has pushed herself in increasingly interesting directions both sonically and creatively. And as a performer, for that matter, all while making poignant social and personal commentary. She is headlining but also on the bill is FELIX FAST4WARD who is one of Denver's most gifted and imaginative electronic music composers and producers in various realms including dance, hip-hop and ambient. 
 What:   Extra Gold, Bison Bone, Claire Heywood 
 When:  Saturday, 07.13, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  A legitimate country show with a few of the Mile High City's finest including the folksy/Merle Haggard-esque Extra Gold, Bison Bone and its eclectic yet singular blend of psych, country and pop and Claire Heywood's smoky, grittily soulful country torch songs. 
 Sunday | July 14 
 Don Felder, photo by Michael Helms 
 What:   Don Felder 
 When:  Sunday, 07.14, 5:30 p.m. gates, 7:30 p.m. show 
 Where:  Hudson Gardens 
 Why:  Don Felder is perhaps best known as the iconic guitarist for the Eagles during one of the most interesting, musically speaking, points in the band's career. Sure, you may have heard “Hotel California,” the title track of the group's 1976 album, who can say how many times but those distinctive lead guitar parts were written by Felder and his guitar interplay with Joe Walsh and Glenn Frey helped to define a certain sound of the 70s in southern California. While still in the band he wrote some songs that appeared on the soundtrack to  Heavy Metal  including “Heavy Metal (Takin' a Ride)” and “All Of You” lending the soundtrack some brooding darkness and beautifully decadent guitar work. Felder's guitar style fit in with the country rock thing with the Eagles but what made it stand out was his knack for interesting dynamics and atmosphere even when he writes something more straight ahead rock and roll. His 2019 album  American Rock 'n' Roll  is a tribute to the music that is the title. 
 Monday | July 15 
 Michael Mcdonald, photo by Timothy White 
 What:   Have a Nice Life w/Consumer, Street Sects and Midwife 
 When:  Monday, 07.15, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  Industrial drone, post-punk ambient or whatever one calls Have a Nice Life's starkly brooding body of work, its dark compositions have proven influential on a generation of bands that have come along since its inception. Also on the bill is confrontational industrial/darkwave band Street Sects and ambient folk soundscaper extraordinaire Midwife. 
 What:   An Evening With Michael McDonald 
 When:  Monday, 07.15, 6:30 p.m. 
 Where:  Chautauqua Auditorium 
 Why:  Michael McDonald's smooth and soulful vocals have been a part of American rock and pop music for over four decades now. Whether as a singer in Steely Dan (both live and in studio), The Doobie Brothers, as a solo artist and in his numerous collaborations including with the likes of modern hip-hop/jazz genius Thundercat, McDonald brings a deep musicality and keen ear for melody that transcends genre. He will be performing a series of shows in Colorado that we will include on our Best Shows list up to and including his show at the Denver Botanic Gardens on Thursday, July 20. 
 What:   Headboggle, Malocculsion, Page 27, Blank Human 
 When:  Monday, 07.15, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Rhinoceropolis 
 Why:  Noise shows are a rarity in Denver these days when once you could find them on the regular when it was more possible for artists to have a warehouse to make this kind of thing or where impromptu venues were more open to hosting this stuff forbidding to more mundane sonic sensibilities. This show includes ambient/noise scaper Blank Human and the godfathers of Denver noise, Page 27 in its first show since the departure of long time member Michael Nowak. 
 Tuesday | July 16 
 Author & Punisher, photo courtesy Relapse Records 
 What:   Treasure Mammal (AZ), EVP, Chromadrift, Techno Allah 
 When:  Tuesday, 07.16, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Rhinoceropolis 
 Why:  An ambient and industrial pop kind of show. 
 What:   Imperial Teen 
 When:  Tuesday, 07.16, 6 p.m. 
 Where:  Twist & Shout 
 Why:  Imperial Teen includes current and former members of Faith No More, Sister Double Happiness and The Wrecks. Their left field pop got a boost when “Yoo Hoo” appeared in the 1999 film Jawbreaker. Though the band's excellent 1996 album, produced by Steve McDonald of Red Kross, garnered no small amount of critical acclaim it was oft found in bargain bins at music stores. The group's playful songs and interesting and illuminatingly personal takes on controversial themes has set the foursome apart from many of its late era alternative rock/pop peers. In 2019 the group released its latest album  Now We Are Timeless . Since Jone Stebbins lives in Denver now, Imperial Teen is in some ways a local band. 
 What:   3TEETH w/Author and Punisher and GosT 
 When:  Tuesday, 07.16, 6:30 p.m. 
 Where:  The Marquis Theater 
 Why:  3TEETH is one of the better newer industrial rock bands. But the reason to go to this show is to witness Author and Punisher who creates his own instruments and whose cybernetic appearance is no mere affectation as it incorporates controllers of various types that can be executed by a single person. The project's music is industrial but more raw and experimental than most music calling itself that these days. 
 Wednesday | July 17 
 The Beths, photo by Mason Fairey 
 What:   The Beths and Girl Friday 
 When:  Wednesday, 07.17, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Globe Hall 
 Why:  The Beths from Auckland, New Zealand started in 2015 and absorbed some of that worldwide retro-90s fuzz rock vibe of the time. But since the trio is from New Zealand it always manifests differently and its melodies go down unconventional paths and the progressions resolve in fascinatingly unpredictable ways. Plus Elizabeth Stokes' vocals are bright and strong and not couched in manifesting angst so obviously. The group did title its 2018 album  Future Me Hates Me  tells you that you're in for something more interesting than “summer time good time music” and yet the group's music is upbeat and hopeful. 
 What:   Michael McDonald 
 When:  Wednesday, 07.17, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Vilar Performing Arts Center in Beaver Creek 
 Why:  See above for 7/15 for Michael McDonald. 
 What:   Dinner Time (GA), Sliver, Gila Teen and Moving Still 
 When:  Wednesday, 07.17, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Thought//Forms 
 Why:  Atlanta's Dinner Time is a low-fi indie pop band with some raw and ragged edges to its songwriting so that it can sound a little bratty and snotty like a punk band you'd actually want to listen to. Also on the bill are ex-nü metal wavers Sliver whose covers of 90s Bush songs, at least in essence, are almost as good as the real thing. Somehow Moving Still invited Sliver's singer to perform with them because they're good people and taking Chris Mercer under their wing and cultivate the guy's tastes until he realizes that Nirvana was not influenced by Gavin Rossdale. It's an uphill battle. Gila Teen is a post-punk/pop death rock band from Denver and one of the Mile High City's greatest duos whose emotionally vibrant sad songs chase the blues away. 
 Hippo Campus, photo by Pooneh Ghana 
 What:  [The Head and the Heart w/Hippo Campus](http://redrocksonline.com/events/detail/the-head-and-the-heart, redrocksonline.com/events/detail/the-head-and-the-heart-1) 
 When:  Wednesday and Thursday, 07.17 and 07.18, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Red Rocks 
 Why:  Hippo Campus from St. Paul, MN are technically an indie rock band but its beat-making and pop songcraft is more akin to R&B and hip-hop with a focus on mood and atmosphere. Its diverse and imaginative songwriting manifested brilliantly on its 2018 album  Bambi  and in 2019 the group released a cadre of songs in two volumes called  Demos I  and  Demos II . The song experiments on both show how the band got from the promising songwriting of the 2017 album Landmark to the sophistication of craft heard on Bambi. At the top of the bill for this show is indie folk band The Head and the Heart. Maybe “indie folk” doesn't apply so much anymore as the band has expanded its sounds and songwriting style in all directions. Its 2019 album  Living Mirage  finds the band truly utilizing space in its songwriting in a way that allows for the expansive feelings inherent to its specific musical style to stretch out and resolve organically. Which is interesting to see in the music of a band that has reached its level of relative commercial success when there can be pressure for efficiency in delivering satisfying musical hooks. This line-up plays both Wednesday July 17 and Thursday July 18 at Red Rocks. 
 Author   simianthinker Posted on  July 11, 2019July 17, 2019 Categories  Best Shows List ,  Music Tags  3Teeth ,  Ambient 3: Day of Radiance (Laraaji and Brian Eno album) ,  American Rock 'n' Roll (Don Felder album) ,  Author & Punisher ,  Author and Punisher ,  Bison Bone ,  Blank Human ,  Bonnie Weimer ,  Brian Eno ,  Chromadrift ,  Claire Heywood ,  Clownvis Presley ,  Consumer (band) ,  Day of Radiance (Laraaji album) ,  Deerhunter ,  Dinner Time (Georgia band) ,  Don Felder ,  Doobie Brothers ,  Eagles (band) ,  Esmé Patterson ,  EVP (band) ,  Extra Gold ,  Faith No More ,  Felix Fast4ward ,  Froth ,  Gila Teen ,  Girl Friday ,  GOST ,  Group Hug ,  Have a Nice Life ,  Headboggle ,  Heavy Metal (film) ,  Hippo Campus ,  Hotel California (Eagles album) ,  Imperial Teen ,  Jawbreaker (1999 film) ,  Jobless ,  Lady of Sorrows ,  Laraaji ,  Laughter Meditation ,  Malocclusion ,  Michael McDonald ,  Midwife ,  Moon Diagrams ,  Moving Still ,  Night Champ ,  Page 27 ,  Panther Martin ,  Patriarchy in Retrograde ,  R A R E B Y R D $ ,  shark dreams ,  Sister Double Happiness ,  Sliver (Denver band) ,  Steely Dan ,  Street Sects ,  Super Bummer ,  Supersuckers ,  Techno Allah ,  The Beths ,  The Blasters ,  The Doobie Brothers ,  The Eagles ,  The Head and the Heart ,  The Wrecks ,  Thundercat ,  Treasure Mammal ,  Versing ,  Vision Songs (Laraaji album) ,  Wayne The Train Hancock 
 Best Shows in Denver 04/18/19 - 04/24/19 
   
 Oko Tygra releases  Assistoma  at the Hi-Dive on April 19. Photo by James Holden Cromwell. 
 Thursday | April 18 
 Lady of Sorrows, photo by Tom Murphy 
 What:   Lady of Sorrows and Dead Orchids 
 When:  Thursday, 04.18, 6:30 p.m. 
 Where:  Hooked On Colfax 
 Why:  This week's Speakeasy Series features Lady of Sorrows which is a combination of luminous, synth-driven post-punk and spiritual operatic vocals. It would be a misstep to compare it to Dead Can Dance or Enya or something like that but fans of either might find Lady of Sorrows interesting. Dead Orchids is on the darker end of post-punk but bluesy and gritty. 
 Friday | April 19 
 Voight, performs Monday, January 14, at DATELINE gallery. Photo by Tom Murphy 
 What:   OKO TYGRA Album release w/Voight and DJ Noah (of Flaural) 
 When:  Friday, 04.19, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  OKO TYGRA has been through a few permutations as singer/guitarist Joshua Novak and his bandmates have explored various paths to creating a lush, expansive sound that reflected but was not limited to the sort of dream pop and post-punk that is the group's foundational influence. With  Assistoma  the quartet created a fluidly dynamic set of songs that use subtle textures and drifting hazes of melody like Novak is floating in clouds of emotion and memories moving forward and commenting in typically thoughtful fashion on how so much of modern life is conditional on the seemingly tentative nature of relationships (personal, professional, social) while we yearn for something more solid with genuine connection. Although there is an ethereal quality, Novak sings with a warmth that casts his music in a different mode than a lot of the music that influenced him. Grounded in the rhythm and low end,  Assistoma 's  tracks seem to dance throughout the record with grace and nuance without getting bogged down in any kind of stylistic repetition while maintaining a coherent sonic aesthetic. Also on the bill is industrial post-punk duo Voight who keep threatening to do an all production set but is still always worth seeing for the sheer colossus of wiry energy and sonic intensity of its performances. 
 What:   Shadows Tranquil, Feigning,The Machine That Stole My Family, Kid Mask, A23P 
 When:  Friday, 04.19, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Thought//Forms 
 Why:  On one hand, dark shoegaze and experimental guitar music with Shadows Tranquil and Feigning and out there weirdo electronic music with Kid Mask and A23P. 
 What:   Detroit In Effect (M.A.P./Clone), Flora FM (Kalahari Oyster Cult/Vanity Press), French Kettle Station, Wild Dungeon World, Occidental, James Tao, b3b, Mr. Lin 
 When:  Friday, 04.19, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Rhinoceropolis 
 Why:  Experimental dance/noise/IDM night at Rhinoceropolis. 
 Saturday | April 20 
 In The Valley Below, photo by Jaimie Skriba 
 What:   In The Valley Below presents: The Pink Chateau 
 When:  Saturday, 04.20, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Alamo Drafthouse Sloan's Lake 
 Why:  In The Valley Below is doing a different kind of tour this time around with a sonically immersive live performance and the screening of its film  The Pink Chateau . The latter is a sort of silent movie with musical accompaniment in which a series of vignettes involving a young woman follows a stranger into the countryside into dreamlike vignettes exploring the protagonists deep desires and the nature thereof. All inspired by, according to the promotional video on YouTube (youtube.com/watch?v=G6H-qvyf72U) “vintage French erotica and the faded colors of 1970s films.” Maybe a bit engimatic like  Picnic at Hanging Rock  or like a more introspective, non-vulgar  Going Places . Whatever the tone or influences, the music of  The Pink Chateau  is, like much of the band's music, gorgeously saturated and enveloping giving the experience the aforementioned immersive quality as the soundtrack won't be provided by a prerecorded track but by a live band. 
 What:   Lost Network, Never Kenezzard, Blinddryve, Wiretrap, DJ Cozmos Mudwulf, visuals Opia 
 When:  Saturday, 04.20, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  3 Kings Tavern 
 Why:  With Lost Network and Wiretrap this will be kind of a hybrid of industrial rock and EBM show but not the sort that is steeped in the future pop version of that. Lost Network is a bit like where Ministry should have gone after Filth Pig. Never Kenezzard is an experimental kind of sludge metal band but one more like Unsane if the people in the band were more into Frank Zappa and John Zorn. 
 What:   Shelley Hirsch 
 When:  Saturday, 04.20, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  The Muse 
 Why:  Shelley Hirsch is an avant-garde vocalist and performance artist whose range and diversity doesn't sit comfortably in any genre. She has worked with John Zorn, Ikue Mori, David Weinstein and Anthony Coleman. Her forceful and imaginative vocal exercises can be both exhilarating and forbidding, eccentric and otherworldly. 
 What:   Space in Time, Halahierba and Keef Duster 
 When:  Saturday, 04.20, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  It's 4.20 so hey, a show with legitimately worthwhile stoner rock/sludge metal bands should happen somewhere and tonight it's at the Hi-Dive. 
 Ages and Ages, photo by Joe Bowden 
 What:   Ages and Ages w/The Harmaleighs and Mondegreen 
 When:  Saturday, 04.20, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Larimer Lounge 
 Why:  Ages and Ages has been developing its particularly engaging style of pop music since 2009. Utilizing unconventional percussion alongside a drum set and expertly orchestrated vocals and instrumentation, Ages and Ages sounds like it could have come out of the tail end of the first wave of indie pop with a sound that seems to embrace the infectious melodies of ABBA and the meticulous song craft of Harry Nilsson as well as the experimental flourishes of the Beatles. Of course the influence of The Apples in Stereo and Olivia Tremor Control are in the mix. Its 2019 album  Me You They We  is a beautiful blend of introspective exploration of inner space and the nature of yearning. 
 What:   Half Hearts, Porlolo and Tammy Shine 
 When:  Saturday, 04.20, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Syntax Physic Opera 
 Why:  It's the debut of Jason Heller's and Karen Walton's new power pop band. Heller is a renowned science fiction author, editor and music writer but he's also been a member of some of the greatest bands from Denver including Crestfallen, Red Cloud West and The Blue Ontario. Walton has been the drummer for beloved local punk acts like Turbo Knife Fight, Rabid Ragdolls and Naako Deesko. But her musical interests have always been far ranging and her sensibilities with those of Heller seem like a good match. You also get to see Porlolo's witty, irreverent folk pop and Tammy Shine, the charismatic singer of Dressy Bessy, doing her more or less solo thing. 
 Steel Pulse, photo by Patrick Niddrie 
 What:   Stick Figure w/Steel Pulse, Pepper, The Movement, Iya Terra, hosted by Nick Swardson 
 When:  Saturday, 04.20, 5:30 p.m. 
 Where:  Red Rocks 
 Why:  For better or worse, depending on your outlook on these things, there's a reggae concert at Red Rocks on 4/20. But this one includes Steel Pulse. When the band started in 1975 in Birmingham, England, the home of other working class bands like Black Sabbath and Napalm Death, it helped to shape what reggae would sound like for decades. Its particular sound is more traditional but in a way that has evolved and embrace technology and production. Its latest album, and first in over a decade, is 2018's Mass Manipulation. 
 Sunday | April 21 
 Eels, photo courtesy Gus Black 
 What:   Eels w/Inspector Cluzo 
 When:  Sunday, 04.20, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Gothic Theatre 
 Why:  Even a seemingly endless prolific and inventive songwriter like Mark Everett hits the wall. And that's what Everett did following the touring cycle of 2014's  The Cautionary Tales of Mark Oliver Everett . Absolute burnout pushed the songwriter into taking a break from music after nearly thirty years of exploring a variety of emotional spaces through his songwriting. Having lost his father when he was 19, his sister to suicide in the mid-90s and his mother to lung cancer in the late 90s and a cousin in the 9/11 attacks, Everett has had more than his fair share of personal tragedy. In some ways re-living and processing that in your music gives it a depth and heaviness and an attended ambition to do justice to the subjects that isn't always there in pop music. But carrying that weight also takes its toll on your psyche and then your life. 
 With 2018's  The Deconstruction  , Everett takes the time to unravel the angst and burnout lays bare the need for patience and gentleness to self needed to recover when your core has fractured in the wake of the momentum of your life when that machine isn't entirely working anymore in a way that suits real life. All the bravado, insisted enthusiasms and the pressure to be on and up all the time even as an artist who writes melancholic music will not get you over that kind of ditch in the road. It's obvious  The Deconstruction  wasn't meant to be a coherent album as in most of the rest of Everett's career. One does not rediscover joy and reconnect to one's creativity in a linear fashion, rather in honoring one's frailties and soothing the endless series of existential crises that wrack the mind once you've bottomed out at level that didn't seem possible when you're a teenager or in your twenties. Or even in your thirties. What Everett is doing now is not just writing music with a sense of compassion and kindness at their root but showing how you can express at length, even with mixed results (unless you're completely delusional life is a lot of mixed results that many overly ego driven people choose to edit out of their telling of it), that coming out of a low period can't be accomplished through hard work alone, perhaps not at all, but in nurturing and discovering new or neglected ways of being you and creating therefrom. 
 What:   Chris Cohen w/Jobless and American Culture 
 When:  Sunday, 04.21, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Larimer Lounge 
 Why:  Former member of Deerhoof Chris Cohen has a gift for writing songs that have a hazy, easily digestible quality that perfectly capture quiet moments in everyday life with a poetic economy and emotional sensitivity. His 2019 self-titled album sounds like it could have come from an alternative reality version of Southern California in the 1970s. Like music that would suit the later-era Philip K. Dick novels or the works of Jim Thompson. That said, the new record is like a kinder, gentler Imperial Bedroom. 
 Tuesday | April 23 
 Com Truise at The Bluebird Theater circa 2017, photo by Tom Murphy 
 What:   Com Truise w/Jack Grace and ginla 
 When:  Tuesday, 04.23, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Gothic Theatre 
 Why:  Touring ahead of the May 17 release of his new album  Persuasion System  , Seth Haley's Com Truise is making a stop in Denver and chances are you'll get to experience that new music live before legally getting a hold of the new record. Seems as though Haley has further refined his sound with a greater degree of the separation of sound in the layers of tone and texture. Like futuristic “library music” mixed with downtempo but brightly melodious IDM, the new Com Truise stuff is musical science fiction capturing a likely future post-climate-change-crisis and post-oligarchic domination. 
 Wednesday | April 24 
 Big Business, photo courtesy the artist 
 What:   Big Business w/The Lycan 
 When:  Wednesday, 04.24, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:   The Beast You Are  could simply be described as psychedelic sludge. But that has never really encompassed what Big Business is about. The duo came out of the 90s punk and underground rock scene in the Pacific Northwest. Jared Warren from Karp and Coady Willis from Murder City Devils—both bands that would be difficult to pigeonhole on their own. Both musicians also played as part of Melvins for nearly a decade, yet another band whose musical legacy and sound is so much more than “sludge rock” or whatever one might call a band that was a direct influence on grunge. The Beast You Are, though, is a collection of dynamic, triumphant songs with unconventional melodies and an elevated updraft of tone. Big Business has always been, if nothing else, heavy but buoyant. On  The Beast You Are  , Big Business experiments further in the songwriting with its use of space and pacing. There's still the headlong rush you'd expect from the band but also an imaginative application of its palette of sound that has kept the band from being predictable, an uncommon quality in heavy music. For Big Business it is not enough to pummel with its colossal sound but to have emotional and thoughtful intentionality behind it. 
 Author   simianthinker Posted on  April 18, 2019April 21, 2019 Categories  Best Shows List ,  Music Tags  A23P ,  Ages and Ages ,  American Culture (band) ,  b3b ,  Big Business ,  Blinddryve ,  Com Truise ,  Crestfallen ,  Dead Orchids ,  Detroit In Effect ,  DJ Cozmos Mudwulf ,  DJ Noah ,  Dressy Bessy ,  Eels ,  Feigning ,  Flaural ,  Flora FM ,  French Kettle Station ,  ginla ,  Halahierba ,  Half Hearts ,  In The Valley Below ,  Inspector Cluzo ,  Iva Terra ,  Jack Grace ,  James Tao ,  Jason Heller ,  Jobless ,  Kalahari Oyster Cult ,  Karen Walton ,  Keef Duster ,  Kid Mask ,  Lady of Sorrows ,  Lost Network ,  Mondegreen ,  Mr. Lin ,  Naako Deesko ,  Never Kenezzard ,  Nick Swardson ,  Occidental ,  Oko Tygra ,  Opia ,  Pepper ,  Porlolo ,  Rabid Ragdolls ,  Red Cloud West ,  Shadows Tranquil ,  Shelley Hirsch ,  Space in Time ,  Steel Pulse ,  Stick Figure ,  Tammy Shine ,  The Blue Ontario ,  The Harmaleighs ,  The Lycan ,  The Machine That Stole My Family ,  The Movement ,  The Pink Chateau ,  Turbo Knife Fight ,  Voight (Band) ,  Wild Dungeon World ,  Wiretrap 
 Best Shows in Denver 07/12/18 - 07/18/18 
   
 Neurosis performs at The Ogden Theatre on Wednesday, July 18 with Converge and Birds in Row  Photo by Scott Evans. 
 Thursday | July 12, 2018 
 Bell Witch, photo by David Choe 
 Who:   Yob, Bell Witch and Primitive Man 
 When:  Thursday, 07.12, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  The Bluebird Theater 
 Why:  Yob's sludgy doom has always been accompanied with a healthy sense of play. Yes, the crushing heaviness of the band's music is undeniable but so is the group's obvious self-awareness. It's latest record, 2018's  Our Raw Hear  t subverts doom conventions with almost buoyant melodies and dynamics and a layering of conventionally pretty sounds and gritty, deeply textured atmospherics. It's only fitting that the trio is touring with fellow Pacific Northwesterners in the duo Bell Witch from Seattle. The latter has crafted majestic and minimalist soundscapes since its 2010 founding. With the tragic death of former drummer/vocalist Adrian Guerra in 2016, bassist/vocalist Dylan Desmond recruited Jesse Shreibman to continue with the project. The first album with Desmond and Shreibman, 2017's  Mirror Reaper  , is both a continuation of the colossal sonics of the band's first two albums but also a step further into a powerful and moving expression of grief and despair as well as an evocation of cosmic time and our place in it. Conceived of as a single track at over eighty minutes,  Mirror Reaper  may move slowly and employ repetitive dynamics but it never seems to overstay its welcome. Opening the show is Denver's own juggernaut of death metal and doom, Primitive Man. 
 What:   Musical Mayhem: Spyderland, Enji and Snaggletoothe 
 When:  Thursday, 07.12, 8:30 p.m. 
 Where:  Lion's Lair 
 Why:  Musical Mayhem had a home for quite some time at The Skylark Lounge. But now the night curated by Claudia Woodman is happening at Lion's Lair. Spyderland is a weirdo music duo including Marie Litton of Pretty Mouth and Drew McClellan of Archipelaghost. Enji is TripLip bassist Kevin Schultz doing solo material that sounds like Hella doing music for an 8-bit video game. Snaggletoothe is a noisy, improvisational rock guitar and drum duo. 
 What:   Glasss Presents The Speakeasy Series Season 2: Fringe Class and Dorian 
 When:  Thursday, 07.12, 6 p.m. 
 Where:  Hooked On Colfax 
 Why:  How Portland, Oregon's synth pop dance band Fringe Class is going to play at Hooked On Colfax is anyone's guess. But paired with the more ambient Denver project Dorian maybe the group will do a more stripped down set than it will do in other rooms during its trip through Denver. 
 What:   Lou Barlow 
 When:  Thursday, 07.12, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Bruz Beers 
 Why:  Lou Barlow of Dinosaur Jr and Sebadoh playing a solo set at Bruz Beers? Given Barlow's love of brilliantly unusual guitar styles like those of Joni Mitchell, it could be a chance to see something unlike anything you'll see from Barlow in Denver again. 
 What:   The Dandy Warhols w/Uni 
 When:  Thursday, 07.12 and Friday, 07.13, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Ophelia's Electric Soap Box 
 Why:  The Dandy Warhols are still kicking along and remain one of the great live bands that came out of the alternative rock milieu that's still around and not milking some nostalgia circuit. Normally the band plays much larger venues making this string of shows at Ophelia's a rare chance to catch the band in an intimate environment. 
 Friday | July 13, 2018 
 A$AP Ferg, photo by Jason Goodrich 
 What:   A$AP Ferg w/IDK and Buddy 
 When:  Friday, 07.13, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  The Ogden Theatre 
 Why:  For a guy that did visual art and fashion before doing music, realms in which he excelled, A$AP Ferg has done well for himself. While not a pioneer of trap, which had its roots in music that came out before he was born, Ferg nevertheless became one of the genre's most skilled practitioners in the 2010s. Having the nerve to name his 2013 album  Trap Lord  , Ferg could at least back-up the bravado and embody the claim. What has kept the rapper interesting is the fact that there's an unmistakable unusual quality to his beats and wordplay. Perhaps grittier than the work of his A$AP Mob cohort A$AP Rocky, Ferg nevertheless shares a sensibility that aims beyond genre and beyond hip-hop. Even when he engages in lyrics rife with hip-hop tropes, Ferg uses them as elements rendering them meta and more like musical elements than anything to be taken at face value. 2017's  Still Striving  showcases the artist's ever-evolving incorporation of musical elements that give his songs a layered dimensionality. 
 Sarah Shook & The Disarmers, photo by John Gessner 
 What:   Sarah Shook and the Disarmers w/Timmy The Teeth 
 When:  Friday, 07.13, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  Sarah Shook's country songs of survival and struggle reflect her upbringing in a fundamentalist Christian family that made the town elders in the movie Footloose seem open-minded by comparison. The video for “New Ways to Fail” (doesn't the title tell a lot already) shows some everyday urban rebels skateboarding as Shook lays out immediately relatable, self-deprecating lyrics. But every song on the band's 2018 album  Years  is, as Henry Rollins once said of early Black Flag records, a direct line to what the fuck it's all about in America for anyone that can't expect much out of a society and a culture built on getting us to neglect ourselves and each other on a rat race to nowhere. But there's an inherent hope in Shook's music because she's out there touring and expressing so eloquently and understanding of the everyday lives of anyone that might come to catch one of the band's shows. 
 What:   Compost Heap Day 1 
 When:  Friday, 07.13, 4 p.m. 
 Where:  Seventh Circle Music Collective 
 Why:  The first day of a festival that is to some extent a celebration of the more folk end of punk and bands within that general realm of music. Schedule for today: Real Lyin' Rohr 4, Just Hanging Out (TX) 4:40, Violet Valentine 5:20, Fire Ant Season (TX) 6, Marissa 6:35, Paul Ski & The James Joyce Letters 7:15, Bird Teeth (WA) 7:55, Long Sought Rest (WA) 8:35, JSR 9:15, Whistlepig (AZ), Crow Cavalier 10:35 
 What:   Quintron & Miss Pussycat w/Phallic Meditation 
 When:  Friday, 07.13, 8:30 p.m. 
 Where:  Lost Lake 
 Why:  Quintron & Miss Pussycat from New Orleans somehow combine a high energy weirdo cabaret/psychedelic rockabilly show with a mind-altering puppet theater performance. Always entertaining and it will transport you outside your everyday life if you let it. 
 Saturday | July 14, 2018 
 Rowboat circa 2013, photo by Tom Murphy 
 Who:   Great American House Fire 
 When:  Saturday, 07.14, 10:30 a.m. 
 Where:  Ross Cherry Creek Library 
 Why:  Someday more bands will figure out that the emotional rawness of emo, the diverse songwriting methodology of 2000s indie rock bands, Americana's textures and warmth and soulful vocals are completely complementary elements for a band. But for now you can catch a group that excelled at that going back to the days of Denver's Spokeshaver, from which Great American House Fire draws some of its membership. Now presented on a Saturday morning at the Cherry Creek branch of Denver Public Library, 
 Who:   Rowboat, Wild Call and Grass 
 When:  Saturday, 07.14, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  The Skylark Lounge 
 Why:  Sam McNitt's roots in folk music and literature probably account for some of the sophistication and poetic sensibility to his music. When he was writing music with his old space rock band Blue Million Miles he met the challenge of amplifying his expressive and emotionally taut vocals. Rowboat is more an expression of McNitt's more sonically gentle work but the emotional colorings are still vibrant and complex. Wild Call is one of Denver's best psychedelic rock bands because it's gone beyond the whole psychedelic bandwagon of the past decade with grittier sounds and lyrics that tap into psychological spaces that can't be reduced to a celebration of mind altering chemicals and partying. Grass is a noisy shoegaze band from Boulder whose 2016 album  Dragwire  is pleasantly reminiscent of Night Beats and the more dirty dream pop acts on the Siltbreeze label. 
 What:   Compost Heap 3 Day 2 
 When:  Saturday, 07.14, 3 p.m. 
 Where:  Seventh Circle Music Collective 
 Why:  Schedule for day 2 of Compost Heap 3, a kind of folk punk festival (Sliver isn't folk punk unless someone wishing they were Bad Brains is folk punk-the argument could be made) featuring artists from Colorado and far beyond: open mic 3, Murder Person For Hire (IL) 4, Sliver 4:40, Old Fox Road (IL) 5:20, Rascal Mikes (OR) 6, Chatterbox and the Latter Day Satanists 6:35, Hello Darkness 7:55, Human Behavior 8:35, Shooting Tsars (TX) 9:15, Fun Abuse (CA) 9:55, Suspicious Activity 10:35. 
 Modern Leisure, photo courtesy Modern Leisure 
 Who:   Modern Leisure album release w/Down Time and shark dreams  
 When:  Saturday, 07.14, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Syntax Physic Opera 
 Why:  Indie pop band Modern Leisure is celebrating the release of its new album,  Super Sad Rom-Com . As usual, Casey Banker's songs are well crafted pop gems with lyrics that are self-deprecating but never maudlin. This time around Banker seems to have a chuckle at the excesses and absurdities of life in America now and navigating interpersonal hurdles while finding it all a bit wearisome. Banker's employment of melancholic tones has always been good but with  Super Sad Rom-Com  he's taken it to places he hasn't before with his keen ear for emotional and tonal nuance. Also on the bill is Down Time who have quietly been one of the most interesting pop bands out of Denver since its inception two or three years ago combining the intimacy of folk, rock and an experimental streak born of needing to do things in your own way with available equipment and personnel like a drummer/bassist at one point. Not unlike a Young Marble Giants but one that could only have happened in the Twenty-First century. 
 Who:   SPELLS (album release) w/Cheap Perfume, Future Perfect, People Corrupting People 
 When:  Saturday, 07.14, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  SPELLS is putting out its odds and sods album  Loose Change, Vol. 1  at this show. The band's joke, and song, is “80% is Good Enough” and isn't it really? Forget that oh so American overpromising, boastful nonsense that seems to be an angstrom of our president's ego and narcissism. Trying too hard without adequate compensation makes chumps of everyone. At any rate, the Denver-based punk band is releasing the compilation through guitarist Chuck Coffey's scrappy little label Snappy Little Numbers as well as Chicago imprint Anxious and Angry. On red vinyl. So get them while you can. The other bands on the bill are pretty alright too including Colorado Springs' unabashedly fun feminist punk band Cheap Perfume. At this point having to say a band is feminist seems redundant and regressive because it's a perspective that should be the part of the thinking and ethos of anyone in America in this century and if not, do some catching up. Maybe start slow and check out some bell hooks, Betty Friedan, Adrienne Rich, Clarissa Pinkola Estés and Inga Muscio. It could happen. 
 Sunday | July 15, 2018 
 Jackie Cohen, photo by Anise Lew 
 Who:   Jackie Cohen w/Jobless and Hillary Susz 
 When:  Sunday, 07.15, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Lost Lake 
 Why:  Jackie Cohen just put out her first proper music EP, 2018's  Tacoma Night Terror Part 1 . If you've spent any time in Tacoma this might be a truthfully humorous exaggeration of a memory from time spent there. For a Colorado specific reference, big stretches of Tacoma are a lot like Commerce City and Thornton but even more worn out with blocks of dubious legitimacy. Cohen's songs may have some connection to that vibe on some level. The recordings sound older like finding a well-listened to pop cassette from the 70s including the hiss. But none of these songs could really have come out back then. It's the post-jaded self-discovery vibe that Cohen nails that makes the best Fleetwood Mac songs worth listening to after enduring repeated broadcast of those songs on the radio or friends who never had to experience that music the first time getting obsessed with entire too much music that came out of artists who were entirely too familiar with cocaine and quaaludes. Cohen's performance isn't jaded and that's what makes the difference. She sounds like she's been through it, man, but finds that dulled emotions don't work for her and that life must go on even if you're not over the pain of a bad experience in relationships and other disappointments in life. That you get to see Denver's great folky, experimental indie rock trio Jobless is more than a bonus, it would be reason enough to go. 
 What:   Compost Heap 3 Day 3 
 When:  Sunrday, 07.15, 3 p.m. 
 Where:  Seventh Circle Music Collective 
 Why:  This is the third and final day of Compost Heap. Less on the folk punk side this day with the likes of hip-hop artist Adam Selene, noise punks Plasma Canvas and hard rock band The Velveteers but the ethos is one shared between the artists. Today's schedule (all times being p.m.): open mic 3, Patrick the Pirate 4, Adam Selene 4:40, Queen Ren Faire Dance Party (TX) 5:20, Davey Dynamite (IL) 6, Bert Olsen 7:15, Wayfairy 7:55, Ludlow 8:35, Dandelion Massacre (CA) 9:15, Plasma Canvas 9:55, The Velveteers 10:35 
 What:   Final Show at The Climax Lounge 
 When:  Sunrday, 07.15, 4 p.m. 
 Where:  The Climax Lounge 
 Why:  A Taste of Denver to most 80s punks, The Raven to punks in the 90s and in the 2000s mostly The Climax Lounge (its original name), this building at 2217 Welton Street was one of the most important venues for a real underground music world in Denver. It will be knocked down to build yet another shitty, cheaply built condo that downtown doesn't need or maybe yet another brewery or some other Nü Denver crap that has become the inevitable for all the cool, historic buildings that made Denver a worthwhile and interesting place to live and make art and music for decades. It's not the nail in the coffin by any means and it hasn't been a terrible active music venue in years but for many it's like seeing your favorite high school hangout get the axe. The bands playing on such short notice include the following: Sputnik Slovenia, Scooter James, The Narrow Down, Bourbon Brawlers, Dangerous Friends and National Blues Arsenal. 
 Monday | July 16, 2018 
 Marisa Anderson, photo by Jason Quigley 
 Who:   Marisa Anderson w/Howling Hex and Cuckoo 
 When:  Monday, 07.16, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Lost Lake 
 Why:  Marisa Anderson's masterful, expressive, guitarwork, on mostly instrumental songs, evokes moods, landscapes and memories in a way more vivid and emotionally immediate than many artists. One might consider her music in the realm of folk but in the more experimental vein of a John Fahey or Michael Hurley. Her 2018 album  Cloud Corner  finds Anderson sketching in different ways with her guitar, more impressionistic than solid, if intricate, lines. She shares the bill with Colorado-based Howling Hex whose music is a hypnotic, for lack of a better word, avant-garde Mariachi/norteño band led by Neil Michael Hagerty whose legacy of experimental guitar music includes his stints with influential bands like Pussy Galore and Royal Trux as well as noise super group Dan'l Boone. Cuckoo pretty much blurs the line between noise rock, punk and mathy-folk. 
 Who:   Unknown Mortal Orchestra w/Shamir 
 When:  Monday, 07.16, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  The Gothic Theatre 
 Why:  Ruban Nielson probably could have enjoyed a respectable career in music in his home country playing in his Flying Nun-signed band The Mint Chicks. But New Zealand is a small place and Nielson relocated to Portland, Oregon as he and his brother Kody have dual citizenship with their mom having been a hula dancer from Hawaii. Their new band Unknown Mortal Orchestra, formed in 2010, had that quality of just off of standard guitar rock that seems to be the hallmark of all New Zealand Bands but it also introduced a kind of psychedelic flavor that wasn't basically following what would become a popular musical trend in America and elsewhere. UMO had crafted its own flavor of transporting music that suggested a parallel dimension where pop music could reconcile atonality, unusual shifts in rhythm the likes of which one might expect out of one of the weirder prog bands like Can or Faust. UMO has done well enough and produced a solid body of work up to and including the 2018 album  Sex & Food . Lead single “Hunnybee” with its yacht rock leanings probably confused some fans because it sounds a bit like an old Foxygen track but the whole album has plenty of UMO's wonderful weirdness. 
 Wednesday | July 18, 2018 
 Chief White Lightning, photo by Jack Grisham 
 Who:   Neurosis w/Converge and Birds in Row 
 When:  Wednesday, 07.18, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  The Ogden Theatre 
 Why:  Neurosis evolved out of the San Francisco Bay area's post-punk/hardcore scene and its earliest albums have more in common with the likes of English anarcho punk bands like Amebix and Crass than perhaps some of their hometown's well-known punk luminaries. Yet by 1992 the group had garnered the interest of former Dead Kennedys singer Jello Biafra who mixed that year's Neurosis record, the decidedly more metal  Souls at Zero . Neurosis has since then established itself firmly as a powerful live act whose records have pushed the boundaries of metal, hardcore and psychedelic music more than almost another other single band. Most of the truly interesting and innovative modern extreme metal bands can trace a strand of influence to Neurosis. Tourmates Converge were pioneering their own form of metal and hardcore crossover in Salem, Massachusetts. By 2001, the group had developed a particularly savage and precise form of posthardcore whose sound and aesthetic permeates a good deal of the extreme metal of today as well as any hardcore band that wants to taken seriously. Its live shows are legendarily intense and be prepared for the cascade of would-be stage divers and crowd surfers. 
 Who: Greg Hill presents the Zebra Skin Shirt release 
When: Wednesday, 07.18, 7 p.m. 
Where: Tattered Cover – Colfax location 
Why: Former Six Months to Live and current Manotaur frontman Greg Hill will present the release of his latest novel,  Zebra Skin Shirt  , the third and final installment in the Stratford County trilogy all set in Colorado (including 2012's  East of Denver  and 2015's  The Lonesome Trials of Johnny Riles  ). Hill's gift for incorporating the supernatural and even science fiction concepts into deeply personal novels about people struggling with their personal shortcomings in life and in their relationships or attempts thereof are always incredibly engaging and entertaining brimming with Hill's vivid descriptions, sense of humor and attention to detail whether that's in recreating past Denver and Joes, Colorado locations or intricacies of plot. Zebra Skin Shirt may be Hill's most unusual novel to date and his best. If you have to miss the release it's easy to find the book online including at  Amazon . 
 Who:   Chief White Lightning w/Keef Duster 
 When:  Wednesday, 07.18, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  Josh Logan may be cultivating that look somewhere between Elvis, Zach Galifianakis and Joaquin Phoenix from I'm Still Here, but seeing as he is a member of Austin stoner rock band Blind Pets, his music pleasantly flies in the face of the expectations one might have just looking at his stage persona. The band's fuzzy, poppy punk and country mix shouldn't work and the kitsch should render it difficult to take seriously but the group's new self-titled album is impossible to dismiss as anything but a great rock and roll album with more diversity of sound and songwriting style than a lot of bands who have delved into modern rock and roll. 
 Author   simianthinker Posted on  July 12, 2018July 14, 2018 Categories  Music Tags  A Taste of Denver ,  A$AP Ferg ,  A$AP Mob ,  Adam Selene ,  Anxious and Angry (record label) ,  Archipelaghost ,  Bell Witch ,  Bert Olsen ,  Bird Teeth ,  Birds in Row ,  Blind Pets ,  Bourbon Brawlers ,  Buddy (rapper) ,  Chatterbox and the Latter Day Satanists ,  Cheap Perfume ,  Chief White Lightning ,  Climax Lounge ,  Compost Heap (festival) ,  Converge ,  Crow Cavalier ,  Cuckoo ,  Dandelion Massacre ,  Dangerous Friends ,  Davey Dynamite ,  Dorian ,  Down Time ,  East of Denver (novel) ,  Enji ,  Fire Ant Season ,  Fringe Class ,  Fun Abuse ,  Future Perfect ,  Glasss Presents ,  Greg Hill ,  Hello Darkness ,  Hillary Susz ,  Howling Hex ,  Human Behavior ,  IDK (hip-hop artist) ,  Jackie Cohen ,  Jobless ,  Just Hanging Out ,  Keef Duster ,  Long Sought Rest ,  Lou Barlow ,  Ludlow ,  Manotaur (band) ,  Marisa Anderson ,  Marissa ,  Modern Leisure (Denver band) ,  Murder Person For Hire ,  Musical Mayhem ,  National Blues Arsenal ,  Neurosis ,  OId Fox Road ,  Patrick The Pirate ,  Paul SKi & The James Joyce Letters ,  People Corrupting People ,  Phallic Meditation ,  Plasma Canvas ,  Pretty Mouth ,  Primitive Man ,  Queen Ren Faire Dance Party ,  Quintron & Miss Pussycat ,  Rascal Mikes ,  Real Lyin' Rohr ,  Sarah Shook & the Disarmers ,  Scooter James ,  Scrappy Little Numbers ,  shark dreams ,  Shooting Tsars ,  Six Months to Live (band) ,  Sliver ,  Snaggletoothe ,  SPELLS (band) ,  Sputnik Slovenia ,  Spyderland ,  Suspicious Activity ,  The Dandy Warhols ,  The Lonesome Trials of Johnny Riles (novel) ,  The Narrow Down ,  The Raven ,  The Velveteers ,  Timmy the Teeth ,  TripLip ,  Uni ,  Violet Valentine ,  Wayfairy ,  Whistlepig ,  Yob ,  Zebra Skin Shirt (novel) 
 Best Shows in Denver 10/26/17 - 11/01/17 
 Slowdive, performs at the Ogden Theater on Wednesday, November 1. Photo by Ingrid Pop 
 Thursday: October 26, 2017 
 The Black Angels, photo by Alexandra Valenti 
 Who:   The Black Angels w/Ron Gallo 
 When:  Thursday, 10.26, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  The Ogden Theatre 
 Why:  The cover of The Black Angels' new record,  Death Song  , itself is a commentary on what's going on in American culture now and its ripple effect beyond the nation's borders. Red, white and blue in repeating, circles within larger circles, hypnotic and disorienting, an image suggesting chaos but one that also hints at the possibility of a return to some semblance of coherence and peace. The image, designed by guitarist Christian Bland, is part graphic design style and part minimalist art, much like his work on previous Black Angels albums, but one that suggests movement and confused stasis. 
 The album's music bears out those qualities with some of the group's heaviest and most politically pointed, but never preachy, material to date. The Black Angels were one of the bands that pre-dated the relatively recent wave of psychedelic rock having begun life in 2004 and its own career helped to influence and shape the sound of modern psych with its own music and direct advocacy through Levitation (formerly Austin Psych Fest) and The Reverberation Appreciaion Society. While one of the bigger acts out of psychedelic rock today, The Black Angels and other psych acts make the kind of music that resists full commercial co-optation. 
 As a live act The Black Angels has always been one that integrates the visual presentation of the music with the sounds so that the experience of the show is one that reflects the experience intended with the creation of the music. This time out the urgency, the heaviness, the fear, anxiety and the catharsis that we all hope comes about on the other end of the current national and international nightmare unfolding as we speak. 
 Who:   Me Me Monster, Gort Vs. Goom and Television Generation 
 When:  Thursday, 10.26, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Your Mom's House 
 Why:  Gort Vs. Goom is a bass and drums duo who perform a kind of eccentric punk and jazz hybrid that may remind some listeners of Primus but it's weirdness has as much to do with one of that band's influences, The Residents, as with any post-Mr. Bungle art rock band. GvG (for MMO nerds even if not fully intentional on the part of the band) also often perform in costume or some sort of get-up. And Me Me Monster and its commitment to theater and spectacle is a good fit but its own warped hard rock sounds like what might happen if Neil Young got into making psychedelic prog but went through a weirdo jazz phase teaming up with Robin Trower. Television Generation isn't overtly weird. It's brand of fuzzy punk, psychedelic garage rock and pop bears some comparison to Love Battery but there is even more of a sardonic sense of humor informing its songwriting and presentation. 
 Who:   Perry Weissman 3, Roger Green and Andy Monley 
 When:  Thursday, 10.26, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Syntax Physic Opera 
 Why:  Perry Weissman 3 is a long-running avant-garde jazz and rock band that was perhaps most active in the 90s and earl 2000s. Roger Green is the genius guitarist and avant-garde composer who may be best known for his stint in local slowcore band The Czars, which included experimental pop songwriter John Grant. And hey, while we're talking about former members of The Czars, the band's other guitarist and vocalist, Andy Monley, is on this bill as well. Monley, however, has plenty of respectable music outside The Czars including his still going tenure with alternative rock band/country punk weirdos, Jux County and his exquisitely written and thoughtful solo material. 
 Who:   Jerkagram, The Uglys, Chromadrift, Sleeping Bears and December Eleventh 
 When:  Thursday, 10.26, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Bar Bar (Carioca Café) 
 Why:  Jerkagram from Los Angeles is one of those bands that didn't really fit in a single genre of music so its styles can be all over the place and all at once. But loosely more on the heavier and math-y end of things. In some ways the band is reminiscent of former Denver art rock weirdoes Action Friend who now live and play in L.A.. The Uglys get dubbed this and that and probably haven't fully decided what they are themselves. How a band can remind you of both Mudhoney, At the Drive-In and Fu Manchu all at once I don't know but that's The Uglys for you. Some screamy stoner rock, if you will. Chromadrift? As in Drew Miller? The IDM/ambient artist whose music is so ethereally beautiful it immediately transports you to a better place? Indeed. Filling out the bill are Sleeping Bears and December Eleventh, progressive metal bands from Georgia. 
 Friday: October 27, 2017 
 Brotherhood Of Machines, photo by Tom Murphy 
 Who:   Brujeria w/Powerflo and Piñata Protest  
 When:  Friday, 10.27, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Bluebird Theater 
 Why:  Brujeria is almost pure schtick as a North Mexico drug cartel/national liberation group/band. Death metal, grindcore, unabashed takedowns of questionable politicians like Donald Trump (pre/post-presidency) and lots of cartoonishly dark humor. But the music to some extent transcends the joke because the musicians are members of other well-known heavy acts like Napalm Death, Carcass, Cradle of Filth, Criminal and others. Opening act Piñata Protest is a highly entertaining hybrid of ska punk and Norteño. 
 Who:   Chelsea Wolfe and Youth Code 
 When:  Friday, 10.27, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Gothic Theatre 
 Why:  Chelsea Wolfe has spent her career writing in a variety of musical styles but all of it has been a vehicle for her stark rendering of emotional turmoil and channeling that into challenging yet entrancing works of art. Wolfe's last few records have brought forth in explicable form the subconscious ghosts that have long haunted the songwriter. Her latest, 2017's  Hiss Spun  , is the heaviest set of songs Wolfe has yet released. Heavy but also heady and sonically expansive. If some of Wolfe's previous records could feel and sound claustrophobic as a reflection of an insular creative vision,  Hiss Spun  is that vision opened up and shared more fully with anyone who might want to share in that experience as someone well-acquainted with personal demons and/or as someone that appreciates an authentic emotional experience so intensely realized. 
 Youth Code while a different animal musically, is a great fit for this tour because Sarah Taylor's own unrelenting emotional intensity on stage is something to witness. The band's dark, industrial bursts of tones and rhythm have evolved considerably since its earliest recordings and 2016's  Commitment to Complications  revealed a band that is more than a thrilling jackhammer of aggressive music. There is a moody underbelly and a catharsis of internalized melancholy alongside the desperation you'd expect. 
 Who:   Church Fire and Motion Trap 
 When:  Friday, 10.27, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Black Shirt Brewery 
 Why:  It could be argued that both of the bands on the bill are electronic dance bands of the highest order because they are. Motion Trap, though, is tends toward bright tones and more keyed into the kind of aesthetic for dance clubs because it is very upbeat. But its music is way too steeped in strong pop songwriting to fully fit in that world. One of the few bands it does seem to fit in with is Church Fire whose dark undertones, politically-charged, noisy synth pop is one of the most exciting bands in Denver or anywhere right now. It's own unabashed embrace of hip-hop beat production and industrial and dance music isn't necessarily obvious. This will be an outdoor show starting at 8 p.m. so bring warm clothing. 
 Who:   Mux Mool, atruc, RUMTUM and Brotherhood of Machines  
 When:  Friday, 10.27, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Fort Greene 
 Why:  Kind of a more leftfield live dance music/hip-hop night with progressive beat maker Mux Mool, alternative hip-hop duo Curta playing as atruc, electro-guitar-based ambient solo act RUMTUM and Brotherhood of Machines. The latter's combination of ambient, IDM and dubtechno-flavored beats is always very different from many of the acts in whose company he finds himself. The 2016 album  III Pillars  was a triptych of hypnotic noise and textured atmospheres that established a sense of place. Except that place wasn't in normal reality. 
 Who:   Rot Congress Night 1: Loanword, Boat Drinks, Jobless, The Far Stairs, Fake Awake 
 When:  Friday, 10.27, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  The Skylark Lounge 
 Why:  Hot Congress, the long-running indie rock collective, has been hosting this Halloween-themed event for years with some of the best bands out of that corner of the Denver music scene. This first night includes ambient project Loanword is on tap as is lo-fi band Jobless and former Hindershot keyboardist Jesse Livingston's experimental synth pop band The Far Stairs. 
 Saturday: October 28, 2017 
 Cults, photo by Shawn Brackbill 
 Who:   Cults w/Cullen Omori and Hideout 
 When:  Saturday, 10.28, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Globe Hall 
 Why:  Cults made a bit of a splash with its debut EP and “Go Outside” single in 2010. Its evocation of upbeat, breezy 60s pop mixed with a sense of the otherworldly. Like an alternative history science fiction story born out of heartbreak, personal trauma or simply plain wanting to recast a drab and depressing present with something more romantic and meaningful without the cheese factor that often accompanies such impulses and creative work that comes out of them. Cults latest record, 2017's  Offering  , finds the band maintaining that Julee Cruise-esque, dreamlike, nostalgic tone but this time with a broader palette of sounds and rhythms. Where some of the earlier music sounded like it was tapping into some of Phil Spector's Gold Star Studios years' vibe,  Offering  sounds more present and immediate. Opener Cullen Omori was once a member of up-and-coming pop/rock band Smith Westerns. When that band split in 2014, Omori continued writing and performing under his own name. The music wasn't radically different but the tone seemed to shift. Smith Westerns was very rooted in 70s rock. Omori's solo output is more reminiscent of a modern version of a New Wave band with a gently psychedelic overtone. More synth, more lush sounds overall. His 2016 album,  New Misery  , sounded like an artist who wasn't creatively cutting all ties with his old band so much as reinventing it and, um, culling the elements that didn't work for him the first time around. 
 Who:   TR/ST 
 When:  Saturday, 10.28, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Bar Standard 
 Why:  Robert Alfons doesn't yet have a new record out but TR/ST released a new single, “Bicep,” over the summer. The new track sounds like Alfons is wending more in the direction of EBM than the synth/dance pop of his first two records. TR/ST was one of the few bands that Goth DJs in Denver would play out of the wave of dark electro music that has been very much part of the indie underground since the second half of the 2000s. No, it didn't sound like Depeche Mode or even Erasure but Alfons' songs were as dark and moody as anything the former has ever released and as celebratory yet thoughtful as the latter's best material. When TR/ST recently played Denver it was a well-attended show at The Bluebird so here's a chance to see the project at a much smaller venue. 
 Who:   Rot Congress Night 2: Kissing Party, Bleak Plaza, Quantum Creep, Voight (as The Cure), Wrinkle (as Guided By Voices), Last of the Easy Riders and Wild Flowers (Fleetwood Mac) 
 When:  Saturday, 10.28, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  The Skylark Lounge 
 Why:  See above re: Hot Congress' annual Halloween show. Excellent indie pop bands Kissing Party, Bleak Plaza and Quantum Creep will perform. Industrial post-punkers Voight will perform a set of songs by The Cure for the first and last time. Lo-fi emo greats Wrinkle will do a Guided By Voices set. 
 Who:   Mehvana (as Nirvana), Denver Meatpacking Company (as Hüsker Dü) and Lawsuit Models (as Jimmy Eat World) 
 When:  Saturday, 10.28, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  3 Kings Tavern 
 Why:  Bands performing covers sets for Halloween isn't the most original thing in the world but all the bands on the bill for this show are at least trying out something different with grunge-esque band Denver Meatpacking Company doing a set of Hüsker Dü songs probably focusing on the middle era. It's not a huge leap for pop punk band Lawsuit Models to a Jimmy Eat World set but putting yourself in someone else's creative head space even if you're influenced by their work takes some effort when you're not some session musician or someone that generally plays in cover bands. 
 Who:   Sharone & The Wind (“Night of Terror”) w/Black July, 21 Taras and Married a Dead Man 
 When:  Saturday, 10.28, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Moe's Original Bar B Que 
 Why:  It's a Halloween show that Sharone & The Wind is advertizing as their “Night of Terror” so expect some theatrical shenanigans from the Denver hard rock band. In recent months the band has reinvented itself in a direction more like a cross between a proto-death rock band and a blues-inflected emo group. Sounds like it shouldn't work but it does. Married a Dead Man is a Goth/death rock band that came out of people who played in the punk and hardcore scene beforehand. Sonically, sort of reminiscent of Sunshine Blind but rougher around the edges at the moment—you know, that ethereal synth with some metallic guitar with a female vocalist who sounds like she is no stranger to belting it a little. 
 Who:   Bob Log III w/Colfax Speed Queen 
 When:  Saturday, 10.28, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Lost Lake 
Why: Bob Log III used to freak people out as the confrontational frontman of Doo Rag. The Crash Worship crowds for whom the duo played probably got it but the Lollapalooza crowd probably wasn't used to seeing weirdo blues quite that raw and primal. As a solo artist, Bob Log III has only pushed the theatrical side of his act further with strange costumes like a carnie, blues punk Dex Romweber. Denver's Colfax Speed Queen won't be quite as stripped down but it's own psychedelic garage rock is surprisingly forceful and disorienting in its own way. 
 Who:   Lee “Scratch” Perry + Subatomic Sound System w/Gracie Bassie, TNERTLE (solo)  
 When:  Saturday, 10.28, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Cervantes' Other Side 
 Why:  Lee “Scratch” Perry is one of the architects of modern music as we know it. As the producer at the now defunct Black Ark in Jamaica, Perry was one of the pioneers of dub, which is a radical remixing and reproduction of existing music and represents one of the earliest forms of electronic music and a creative use of an early version of sampling. Directly or indirectly, as an engineer, producer or musician, Perry shaped the sound of much of reggae music and through that of punk, hip-hop and electronic music from the 70s forward. In recent years, Perry has collaborated with house/experimental electronic band The Orb on original material. His live show is a masterful delivery of his imaginative soundscaping and hypnotic rhythms. 
 Sunday: October 29, 2017 
 Curta, photo by Tom Murphy 
 Who:   Ministry w/Death Grips 
 When:  Sunday, 10.29, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  The Fillmore Auditorium 
 Why:  Ministry somehow made the crossover from synth pop (  With Sympathy  ) to EBM (  Twitch  and to some extent  The Land of Rape and Honey  ) to industrial rock (by the time of  The Mind Is A Terrible Thing to Taste  ) in the course of seven years. It's a remarkable transformation and at each stage Ministry was one of the very best bands in those respective genres. Since then Ministry's newer material has been on the heavier end of music though arguably more difficult to neatly classify. The current touring incarnation of Ministry is focusing on material post-1988. If you've been switched off for 30 years and are expecting tracks from the EBM era and would be disappointed not to see it live, don't go. But if you appreciate Al Jourgensen's mutant heavy music from The Mind forward, it'll be a worthy selection of material. Death Grips is an industrial hip-hop band with a charismatic frontman in MC Ride and one of modern popular music's greatest drummers in Zach Hill. Even if you're not into hip-hop for some reason Death Grips is really more of an experimental band that doesn't really bother with splitting hairs between the aesthetics of hip-hop, noise, industrial music or whatever its own style might be that comes out of that. 
 Who:   Haunted Sound Laboratory, Unbridled Sonic Anarchy, Chris Sessions, Jonathan Cash 
 When:  Sunday, 10.29, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Mutiny Information Café 
 Why:  Textures is an ambient showcase that happens at Mutiny the final Sunday of every month. This time, host Wesley Davis' own Unbridled Sonic Anarchy will be performing alongside Jonathan Cash who some may know more for his noise project Break Dancing Ronald Reagan. 
 Who:   Vanilla Milkshakes, Denver Meatpacking Company and Uncle Bad Touch 
 When:  Sunday, 10.29, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Lion's Lair 
 Why:  This is another Halloween-themed show and apparently grunge/punk band Vanilla Milkshakes will treat those in attendance with its take on The Ramones and DMC will reprise its Hüsker Dü cover set from the night before. 
 Who:   2Mex, Onry Ozzborn, Early Adopted and Curta 
 When:  Sunday, 10.29, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Larimer Lounge 
 Why:  2Mex may not be a household name but in the alternative hip-hop scene of the 1990s (and now for that matter) he has long been a star. His witty and imaginative wordplay was honed at the open mic nights at Good Life Café in South Central Los Angeles and he has been willing to couch it in beats that reflect popular music of the time. More importantly his raps criticize his own music culture, American culture in general and himself with humorously poetic sensibility. Onry Ozzborn is a respected alternative hip-hop artist in his own right whose music seems to favor darker tones and downtempo beats. As a member of Grayskul and Dark Time Sunshine Ozzborn's gritty stories were reminiscent of Aesop Rock's literary output, and of course the two rappers have collaborated. Opening act, Denver's Curta, incorporates a more industrial and psychedelic/experimental electronic flavor into its beats. Apparently this will be the last show with founding keyboardist/guitarist Brent Larsen, aka 4Digit who is moving out of town. 
 Who:   Governor Mortimer Leech (Widow's Bane) undead and unplugged 
 When:  Sunday, 10.29, 6 p.m. 
 Where:  Ophelia's Electric Soap Box 
 Why:  Widow's Bane is the undead pirate band from Boulder. They do interviews in character and perform in character. Is it “character”? Anyway, Governor Mortimer Leech will be performing a rare acoustic show early at Ophelia's and it's free. 
 Monday: October 30, 2017 
 Ghoulfriend, photo by Tom Murphy 
 Who:   Cobalt, Worry and Fathers 
 When:  Monday, 10.30, 7:30 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  Greeley-based black metal band Cobalt didn't play much in the first decade or so of its existence and nevertheless garnered a bit of an international following. Founding member Phil McSorley left the project in 2014 but Erik Wunder (who also plays in one of Jarboe's bands) and Charlie Fell (formerly of Lord Mantis, Nachtmystium and Abigail Williams) have kept the band going and completed its best album to day, 2016's  Slow Forever . The band's previous records were boundary pushing in what can be an insular musical style and  Slow Forever  's expansive dynamism sacrificing none of the bleakness and brutality was something of a new chapter for the band. Colorado Springs-based deathgrind band Worry and Denver's heavy band super group (with members of Native Daughters, Cult of the Lost Cause and Lords of Fuzz) round out the bill. 
 Who:   Ghoulfriend, Corner Girls, Page 27, art by Katherine Louise, Jesse Nickell and poetry by Kelsey Carolyn Bowe 
 When:  Monday, 10.30, 7:30 p.m. 
 Where:  Syntax Physic Opera 
 Why:  Ghouloween 2017 will be held in the basement of Syntax for extra spookiness. It'll be a night of art, music and poetry. Chances are you won't see the bands on the same bill again any time soon. Ghoulfriend is weirdo guitar project of Trey Tafoya of Ancient Elk and déCollage. Some bands play psychedelic rock, Ghoulfriend takes the concept of using guitar to expand sound palettes to a higher and more original level while still making it accessible. Page 27 is one of Denver's, and the world's, longest-running noise bands. Now, P27's soundscape has included harsh noise and sometimes still does but it's more like a hypnotic, modulated drone that pulls in sounds that one does not often associate with the genre called drone. Corner Girls is an excellent surf rock/punk band whose lyrics are often enough an irreverent take-down of patriarchal cultural features that should have been weeded out of our collective unconscious decades ago but somehow still linger and affect people's everyday lives. Addressing it with music is simply a peaceful and creative way to discuss the issues. 
 Tuesday: October 31, 2017 
 Alvvays, photo by Ardin Wray 
 Who:  Alvvays w/Jay Som bluebirdtheater.net/events/detail/337225 
 When:  Tuesday, 10.31, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  The Bluebird Theater 
 Why:  Alvvays' self-deprecating pop songs could be glum but Molly Rankin and company seem to realize that wallowing in despair rather than finding the humor in life's downstrokes is more boring than transforming those moments of intense emotions into something creative. The Toronto band's promising 2014 debut sounded like a band fully formed and tapping a bit into the pop music that came out of the C86 era in its sophisticated simplicity and unabashed embrace of bright and breezy, catchy melodies. The 2017 album,  Antisocialites  is highlighted with neon-sounding synths like someone in the band has started listening more closely to Missing Persons including the flourishes of tastefully intricate micro guitar solos. The subtle details make it a consistently rewarding listen. Along for this leg of the Alvvays tour is Jay Som whose lo-fi anthems about identity, self-discovery, self-definition and personal liberation seem very relevant in a time when the boorish, hateful and oppressive side of modern American culture has reared its ugly head in a big way. 2017's  Everybody Works  is a bracing antidote to all of that even if it may sound like a gentle indie rock record to many. 
 Who:   Itchy-O w/Altas 
 When:  Tuesday, 10.31, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Summit Music Hall 
 Why:  For the uninitiated, Itchy-O is a roughly 32 member avant-garde music performance troupe that plays its shows entirely in costume like mariachi mystics. The band has a full drum corps and other percussion, a taiko section, bass, guitar, synths, processed vocals and other noises and “dancers” that creep about the crowd during the show. It's a real spectacle and really unlike other bands in every way. That it can release albums that could be worthy of the live show seems implausible but the band recently released its second full-length album,  From the Overflowing , on Alternative Tentacles. The records are no replacement for the experience of the band but fascinating listening nevertheless. Instrumental rock band Altas opens the show with its dynamic, cinematic compositions. 
 Who:  S pace In Time, Keef Duster, Colfax Speed Queen and Wild Call 
 When:  Tuesday, 10.31, 8 p.m. 
 Where:  Hi-Dive 
 Why:  Space in Time is a hard rock band whose sound harkens to a time when early metal and psychedelic rock were not at all far apart. Obvious touchstones for Space in Time would be Deep Purple, Captain Beyond (which included ex-members of Deep Purple and Iron Butterfly) and Uriah Heep with both bands' gift for writing melodic heavy rock with a fluidly trippy groove. Keef Duster's music draws on similar inspirations but wends more toward the doom end of the heavy spectrum. Fronted by Kim Phat, who some may know from garage rock punks Dirty Few, Keef Duster is more than a clever name even though it recently released a song called “Hash Hive.” The latter was mixed and produced by Matt Loui of psychedelic garage rock band Colfax Speed Queen, also on the bill. 
 Who:   Captured! By Robots w/908, Bewitcher and Night of the Living Shred 
 When:  Tuesday, 10.31, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  3 Kings Tavern 
 Why:  Captured! By Robots at this point is a great metal band, bordering on death metal and industrial. Most of the band is comprised of robots constructed by JBOT but a lot of the kitsch factor of the earlier part of the project's life are gone and the performance is much more focused on doing something that isn't a complete gimmick. Internationally known deathgrind band 908, from Colorado Springs, shares the bill as does skate thrash band Night of the Living Shred. So basically Bryan Ostrow will be doing throat destroying vocals for two bands this night because he's the Nivek Ogre of extreme metal. 
 Who:  Bronze, Terminals, Master Ferocious, The Pollution and The Stunning Cuntz 
 When:  Tuesday, 10.31, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  Mutiny Information Café 
 Why:  Three of the handful of good sludge metal bands from Denver at Mutiny? We'll have to assume some books will fall off shelves at some point. Bronze is named in reference to Mad Max and its heavy music is more tied to bands from the 70s and early 80s with strong songwriting and good vocals rather than the 90s and 2000s stoner rock bands it may sound like. When there seemed to be way too many stoner rock bands in Denver from roughly 2000-2010, Bronze stood out. Members of Master Ferocious came out of some of the better bands of that era too like The Angry Hand of God. Out of the latter, guitarist Mark Pilloud and bassist Brian Kennedy were involved in the founding of Master Ferocious in 2014 and the newer band still seems to write dystopian songs about the present with guitar work that demonstrates an interesting co-influence from, of course, Black Sabbath and late 70s Judas Priest. 
 Wednesday: November 1, 2017 
 Slowdive, photo by Ingrid Pop 
 Who:   Slowdive w/Cherry Glazerr 
 When:  Wednesday, 11.01, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Ogden Theatre 
 Why:  Of all the shoegaze bands of the late 80s and early 90s, Slowdive was an early adopter of an ambient and electronic music aesthetic. When the group started as a kind of indie pop band called Pumpkin Fairies, its songwriting, inspired in part by atmospheric post-punk bands like Siouxsie and the Banshees (the song of whom the fledgling band borrowed its then new name), The Cure and Cocteau Twins. For the 1991 debut full-length,  Just For A Day  , the ethereal vocals that one now associates with the shoegaze genre was very much in place and so were the expansive, towering guitar drones that the band had developed on its previous EPs. 
 By the time of the 1993 follow-up,  Souvlaki  , Slowdive was working with ambient music godfather Brian Eno and had all but abandoned conventional rhythm structure in favor of more organic rhythms giving songs like “Sing” and “Souvlaki Space Station” a quality that melds the tone and the atmosphere into what might later be described as a beat-driven approach to the songwriting. Those musical instincts reached their peak with Slowdive on what might have been its final, and in some ways most daring and interesting album, 1995's  Pygmalion . The latter came out at a time when the alternative music world had long gone down the rockist path with a set of songs based in what seemed like a sonic recreation of pure emotion cast in minimalist textures. It was like a post-rock album seemingly inspired by and synthesizing IDM, abstract dub and ambient house music. The innovative record lost the band their label contract with Creation records and the members of Slowdive went on to other musical concerns over the years including Mojave 3, Monster Movie and The Sight Below. 
 Perhaps inevitably, Slowdive reunited in 2014 but under its own terms and with the aim of recreating its heart and imagination-stirring music authentically. And its subsequent tours have borne that goal out. Making no promises until the possibility was a bit of a concrete reality, the band didn't announce new material until Spring 2016. The forthcoming self-titled album, released in May 2017, was not a rehash of the band's past. It was not an attempt to outdo the sheer experimentalism of  Pygmalion . Rather, it was a strong set of songs worthy of all of its earlier music. The music doesn't feel like nostalgia, it feels like the band knew it had to do something that wouldn't reject the past but also not be yoked to expectations of any lack of artistic growth on the part of the musicians over the previous twenty-two years. So if you go to the show, and you should if you're a fan of highly emotionally stimulating music that is an unexpectedly visceral experience, no need to dread any newer, inferior material because the most recent Slowdive songs are far from subpar. 
 Who:  R obot Peanut Butter & The Shooting Stars, Ice Troll, Dear Rabbit and Open to the Hound 
 When:  Wednesday, 11.01, 9 p.m. 
 Where:  3 Kings Tavern 
 Why:  This might be the deluxe edition of Claudia Woodman's Weird Wednesday series for the first half of the month. Robot Peanut Butter & The Shooting Stars is “Electronica Glam Rock” that includes contributions from Never Kenezzard's Ryan Peru. Ice Troll is a sort of doom rock orchestra. Dear Rabbit is lo-fi avant-garde folk. Open to the Hound is what might happen if Lloyd Cole formed a band that took some cues from The The and Slim Cessna's Auto Club. It's just that weird but grounded in classic songwriting sensibilities. 
 Who:   Chicano Batman w/Khruangbin and The Shacks 
 When:  Wednesday, 11.01, 7 p.m. 
 Where:  Gothic Theatre 
 Why:  To say Chicano Batman is sort of a psychedelic soul band doesn't quite do it justice because its music comes out of tropicalia, old timey rock and roll and funk without sounding like it's trying too hard to please everyone. Live, the group presents a unified visual image with matching outfits as one might expect from 60s and 70s Chicano rock bands like Thee Midnighters and Sunny & The Sunglows. Early on championed by the late, great, Ikey Owens, Chicano Batman got a leg up reaching a wider audience through a 2015 tour with Jack White, with whom Owens had been playing before his untimely death in October 2014. The group's 2017 album,  Freedom is Free  , is a bracing antidote to the climate of chaos, desperation and despair that many people have been experiencing with the Trump administration by offering an alternative vision for a better America and a world. 
 Houston's Khruangbin is a Thai surf-funk-soul band so it and Chicano Batman are a perfect compliment to one another as Kruangbin's music isn't grounded in the same influences even if the music it's music is also not inspired by music from just one place and one time. Inspired initially by Thai funk cassettes from the 60s and 70s, Khruangbin has found fuel for its creativity in the music that influenced those bands and the music that resulted from those roots that manifested in various ways. Dub, Afrobeat, reggae and hip-hop, among others. 
 Author   simianthinker Posted on  October 26, 2017October 30, 2017 Categories  Music Tags  21 Taras ,  2Mex ,  908 (band) ,  Altas ,  Alvvays ,  Andy Monley ,  atruc ,  Austin Psych Fest ,  Bewitcher ,  Black July ,  Bleak Plaza ,  Boat Drinks ,  Bob Log III ,  Bronze ,  Brotherhood of Machines ,  Brujeria ,  Captured! By Robots ,  Chelsea Wolfe ,  Cherry Glazerr ,  Chicano Batman ,  Chris Sessions ,  Chromadrift ,  Church Fire ,  Cobalt ,  Colfax Speed Queen ,  Corner Girls ,  Cullen Omori ,  Cults ,  Curta ,  Dear Rabbit ,  Death Grips ,  Death Song (album) ,  December Eleventh ,  Denver Meatpacking Company ,  Early Adopted ,  Faker Awake ,  Fathers (Denver band) ,  Fleetwood Mac ,  Ghoulfriend ,  Gort Vs. Goom ,  Governor Mortimer Leech ,  Gracie Bassie ,  Guided By Voices ,  Haunted Sound Laboratory ,  Hüsker Dü ,  Hideout ,  Hot Congress ,  Ice Troll ,  Itchy-O ,  Jay Som ,  Jerkagram ,  Jesse Nickell ,  Jimmy Eat World ,  Jobless ,  Jonathan Cash ,  Just For a Day ,  Katherine Louise ,  Keef Duster ,  Kelsey Carolyn Bowe ,  Khruangbin ,  Kissing Party ,  Last of the Easy Riders and Wild Flowers ,  Lawsuit Models ,  Lee "Scratch" Perry ,  Levitation (festival) ,  Loanword ,  Married a Dead Man ,  Master Ferocious ,  Me Me Monster ,  Mehvana ,  Ministry ,  Mojave 3 ,  Monster Movie ,  Motion Trap ,  Mux Mool ,  Night of the Living Shred (Colorado Springs) ,  Nirvana ,  Onry Ozzborn ,  Open to the Hound ,  Page 27 ,  Perry Weissman 3 ,  Piñata Protest ,  Powerflo ,  Pygmalion ,  Quantum Creep ,  Robot Peanut Butter & The Shooting Stars ,  Roger Green ,  Ron Gallo ,  Rot Congress ,  RUMTUM ,  Sharone & The Wind ,  Sleeping Bears ,  Slowdive ,  Souvlaki ,  Space in Time ,  Subatomic Sound System ,  Television Generation ,  Terminals ,  The Black Angels ,  The Black Ark ,  The Cure ,  The Far Stairs ,  The Pollution ,  The Reverberation Appreciation Society ,  The Shacks ,  The Sight Below ,  The Stunning Cuntz ,  The Uglys ,  The Vanilla Milkshakes ,  TNERTLE ,  TR/ST ,  Unbridled Sonic Anarchy ,  Uncle Bad Touch ,  Vanilla Milkshakes ,  Voight ,  Widow's Bane (band) ,  Wild Call ,  Worry (Denver band) ,  Wrinkle ,  Youth Code 
 Donate to Queen City Sounds and Art 
 To donate to Queen City Sounds and Art, click on Paypal donation button below. In the future we will also have podcast interviews on Denver/Colorado music history and culture as well as with artists from elsewhere. 
 
 
 Search for: Search  Follow Queen City Sounds and Art on WordPress.com 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Queen City Sounds and Art   Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
