WorkInRetail - the #1 site for Retail jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-TX-Seabrook 
 Posted:  12/19/2020 
 Closing:  1/18/2021 
 Degree:  High School 
 Employment Type:  Full-Time 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 UNIVERSAL BANKER - SEABROOK 
 Moody Bank 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/UNIVERSAL-BANKER---SEABROOK/J3T5Y076FSCB61WZS7H 
 Job description 
 UNIVERSAL BANKER – SEABROOK 
 Moody National Bank provides excellent employment opportunities for individuals seeking to team up with a solid leader of financial services for the communities we serve. If you have an interest in joining a stable, competitively advantaged banking team you should consider Moody National Bank. 
 UNIVERSAL BANKER  for our full-service banking centers –  THE, SEABROOK BANKING CENTER, JOB (#43-20) 
 All correspondence must refer to a specific job number 
 The Universal Banker will serve in a dual-purpose role which requires a candidate to fulfil responsibilities of both a (Teller) and a (Relationship Banker). Provide customer service in an efficient manner with professional demeanor and appearance. Must be able to work with minimal supervision. Assist with managing a cash draw to support the Teller line as needed, as well as maintaining a balancing record within guidelines. Enhances and supports overall selling of bank products through professional and courteous interactions with both customers and employees. Understand the new account opening process as well as maintenance. Develop tele-consulting traits, to actively call customers as well as prospects. Operate with an NMLS license, as well as understand different types of loans, services and products to offer customers and prospects. Maintain the ability to identify the needs of customers through effective questioning and listening techniques. Maintain strong sales and service presentation skills. Adhere to Bank policies and procedures. Self-motivator. Perform other duties as assigned by management. This could possibly be a floating universal banker position within the Banking Center network, which will require possible daily travel to other banking centers. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 1. Serve customers; walk-in and drive-in in a courteous and professional manner by processing a variety of transactions; deposits, withdrawals, checks, money orders, traveler’s checks, redeeming bonds; ensures all necessary information is in place prior to completing transactions. 
 2. Attract new customer relationships; retain and expand existing customer relationships; initiates referrals and cross-sell bank products and services as set by bank management. 
 3. Assist and /or support other banking centers when needed. 
 4. Follow bank policies and procedures. 
 5. Advises and counsel new and existing customers on all branch financial services. 
 6. Maintain and balance cash drawer daily. 
 7. Meet referral goals set by management. 
 8. Support Senior Teller in maintaining a balancing record that is in line with policy; find and correct outages and enlist help as needed for difficult errors. 
 9. Provide assistance to Senior Teller by assisting Teller’s with answering questions, resolving customer issues and performing Teller duties as needed. 
 10. Open and processes accounts, products, and/or services for customers after consulting with them on their specific needs. Assist customers whenever possible. 
 11. Solicits cross-sells and opens new accounts according to guidelines 
 12. Demonstrate a deep understanding of products and present benefits by cross-selling to existing and new customers. 
 13. Achieve personal sales goals and actively participate in banking center sales and marketing activities. 
 14. Establish customer relationships, conduct telephone prospecting, outbound calls. 
 15. Solicits loan applications, obtains appropriate documentation, follows up and closes loans accurately the first time. 
 16. Perform other duties as assigned by management. 
 Job requirements 
 Education: High school Diploma or equivalent - Banking courses and/or related studies. 
 Minimum Experience: 2 to 3 years or more Retail Banking or related background. 
 Skills and Abilities: A high level of interpersonal and professional skills that represents the bank in a positive manner. Responsible for maintaining accurate customer records as well as organization skills. Demonstrate the ability to develop and maintain strong customer relationships. The ability to identify the needs of customers through effective questioning and listening techniques. The ability to handle customers and employees and their queries in a positive, friendly, helpful and knowledgeable manner. PC experience. Excellent communication skills. 
 Moody Bank offers a benefit package that includes: Medical, Life, Dental and Vision insurance; 401k Plan; Vacation and Sick leave benefits and more 
 Due to the high volume of interest, the Bank does not respond to the submission of every resume. 
 In addition  , **submission of your resume to this website does not constitute the completion of an Employment Application. 
 ** 
 The Bank requires completion of an MNB employment application for each position opening. Individuals who the Bank determines to be the best qualified for the position openings are contacted to begin the application process. 
 Moody National Bank is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/UNIVERSAL-BANKER---SEABROOK/J3T5Y076FSCB61WZS7H 
