    
 Small House Big Sky Homestead  
 Senior Homesteaders w/Spirit 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 News from the Coop-Eggs as Reward for a Job Well Done 
 Posted on  December 4, 2015  by  Small House Under a Big Sky Homestead 
 
 My granddaughter loves to help collect eggs from the nest box. 
 I have been accused lately of pampering my chickens and I suppose that is true. If pampering them means feeding them, loving them and taking care of them as well as I feed my family… then I am definitely guilty. 
 
 Herbs and mash are a tasty chicken treat. 
 I do feel strongly that their health comes through in their egg production numbers as well as in the quality and taste of their eggs. And I want the healthiest chickens and eggs possible. So I feel my efforts are worth it. I want eggs with the highest quality of healthy fat, Omega 3’s possible. 
 My girls get fed layers feed, greens, herbs, "high-test" (a special high protein concoction I make that is intended to fill them up and keep them warm at night in colder temperatures) and some kitchen scraps. Their live greens includes sprouted barley greens and mung beans. 
 
 Wet feed and fresh greens are a hit in the coop. 
 Currently when many flocks have stopped laying an egg production is down my flocks egg production is going up-up-up. This tells me I must be doing something right! 
 Beautiful brown eggs! 
 This week our 8 girls are now laying seven eggs most days. I am thrilled! After months of planning, building, growing, teaching and feeding; these eggs are our reward for a job well done. 
 The four-year-old Cochin/Phoenix mix's are good layers and quite winter hardy in spite of their petite and delicate look. Fluffy Snowball, Sweet Pea, Freckles and Goldie, had a 6-week long broody this fall followed by a hard molt. At the same time we thought we might lose Freckles as her comb went gray and she acted as if she was not feeling at all well but some extra TLC and lots of extra protein brought her back around. Her comb is red again and while she is still the lowest chicken in the Cochin flock, she is happily eating, ranging and laying eggs again. She and Snowball are best buds. 
 
 The Cochin/Phoenix mixes are have quite the conversation. 
 The four Rhode Island Reds are teenagers now at 7-months-old and full of piss and vinegar. Named by our North Carolina granddaughters they are; Elsa, Crystal, Anna and Alice they are names of course come from the Frozen movie phenomena. What do I expect with granddaughters ages 6 and 4!! 
 Totally spoiled, they see me and come running and begging for food and asking to get out of the coop for supervised free range time. I try to accommodate them as often as possible. All the Rhodies are finally all laying and clamoring for scratch and peck time in the woods. These Rhodies are sturdy birds that are very serious about their free ranging….they live to dig and hunt! 
 
 Fully grown Rhode Island Reds are masterful egg layers. 
 All kidding aside; I am happy to see our chickens healthy and prospering. They have glossy feathers, bright red combs and healthy bodies. They lay delicious eggs and make great fertilizer for our garden. They work the soil and keep the bugs at bay. 
 Working chickens on the homestead are part of our path to sustainability. 
 Small House homesteader, Donna 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  Chickens at the Small House Homestead ,  Cochin bantams ,  Rhode Island Reds ,  Small House Homestead . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Easy as Pie Homemade Pie Dough Recipe 
 A Sunday Morning Frost -> 
 One thought on "News from the Coop-Eggs as Reward for a Job Well Done" 
 
 Pingback:  News from the Coop-Eggs as Reward for a Job Well Done | Small House Under a Big Sky 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 182 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014 
 Categories 
 
 A Home Centered Life 
 Adventures in Gardening 
 Anti Immune Protocol 
 Auto Immune protocol 
 Budget Decorating 
 Chalk Painting Adventures 
 Chicken Keeping 
 Debt-Free living 
 EcologicalHomesteading 
 Farm and Family Adventures 
 Farm Values 
 Food and its Relationship to Health 
 Freelancing-I Was Published 
 Gluten-Free Cooking 
 Green Living 
 Healing Hashimotos' 
 Healthy Scratch Cooking 
 Herbal Adventures 
 Homemaking 
 Homesteading 
 I Was Published 
 Nutrient dense real foods 
 Our Gardens 
 Photo Diary 
 Photo Essays 
 Politics and Social Justice 
 Putting Food By 
 Radical Homemaking 
 Recipes to Nourish 
 Repurposed Finds 
 Self-sufficiency 
 Senior Homestead Challenges 
 Simple Living 
 Sustainability 
 The Small House 
 Uncategorized 
 Vintage Values 
 Yoga/Reiki and the Grateful Life 
 
 Spam Blocked 
 999 spam  blocked by  Akismet 
 donnaallgaierlamberti@gmail.com 
 
 donnaallgaierlamberti@gmail.com 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 182 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Archives 
 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
