[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 
 Welcome to  Workersonboard,  a free resource that helps you find legitimate work at home jobs that you can apply to online. Please note that you can also visit my other site for legitimate worldwide work at home jobs at  Workersonboardworldwide.com . Feel free to check out the daily job page at  Workersonboardworldwide.com/jobs . 
 Looking for a work at home job and you currently reside outside of the United States? Believe it or not, you can still work from home. This does not have to be a barrier for you. As long as you have access to a computer and reliable Internet connection, you can work from home. There are several companies that hire International and bilingual home based workers. Here are a list of companies that you can apply to online. You can also check the weekly job section and Friday Freebie page of this site for even more companies that hire globally. 
 Please go to my Forum Community - Workersonboard Talk  for several worldwide work at home job leads updated regularly. 
 Canadian Work at home Jobs 
 Alberta Blue Cross 
 Customer Service reps needed to respond to telephone inquiries from members with individual and group benefit plans. Will train in-house for 6 months and then transition to work from home. 
 Alchemic Dream 
 Seeking Social Media Content Creators to work from home. Must be able to manage Facebook and Twitter and create content for various games. 
 APAC 
 Looking for bilingual telesales reps to communicate with customers and solicit phone orders and quote prices. 
 Sitel 
 Hiring call center agents to take incoming calls and respond to customer questions that will be routed to your home office. Benefits available. 
 Inspire Fundraising 
 Work at home agents needed to speak to donors across Canada and raise funds, respond to emergencies, sponsor children and other duties. Must have USB headset and webcam. Pays $14 per hour. 
 iSoft Stone 
 Crowd Workers and Search Engine Evaluators needed to provide feedback on a variety of products and services provided by their clients. Must have stable Internet connection and be 18 years of age. 
 Lions Bay Media 
 Content writers needed to write articles, blogs, press releases, etc. Must be fluent in English and have excellent writing and research capabilities. Open to US, UK and Canada. 
 Opinion Search 
 This company needs research interviewers to work from home conduction outbound phone interviews. Must have 6 months customer service experience. Requires a land line phone and headset. Must live in the local calling distance of Montreal. Pays $10.35 per hour plus incentives. 
 Staples 
 Bilingual Claims Reps needed to work from home taking inbound calls with initial reporting of a claim from internal and external customers. Must be able to speak French and English and have 1-2 years experience. Full time. 
 1800 Translate 
 This company will is looking for people to work from home in translation and interpretation. These are freelance contract positions. Please submit your resume and cover letter online. 
 1NW Contact 
 Has work at home jobs for foreign language applicants. Must have good Internet connection and a US bank account in order to get paid. 
 Active Network 
 
They need customer service reps to work from home who live in Canada accepting phone calls and answering questions full time. Pays $10 per hour. Job will last through December. 
 Advanis 
 Canadian based company that hires telephone interviewers to work from home. Paid training. 
 Appen Butler Hill 
 Hires home based workers from all over the globe to complete tasks online in translation, interpretation, and Internet search results. 
 [Apple](https://jobs.apple.com/us/search#specs&ss=work fro home&t=0&so=&pN=0) 
 Apple needs at home advisors to work from home support their customers with their various Apple products. Those who live in all over the world can wok from home and apply to this company. 
 Aspire Lifestyles 
 
 Has work at home jobs for those across the globe in customer service, email, chat, and research. 
 Blue Zebra 
 They hire appointment setters from Canada to work from home. Weekly pay via direct deposit. Must have 2 years experience. 
 Clickworker 
 Work from home on your own schedule completing text creation, translation, product reviews, web research, and more. Weekly pay. 
 Cracked 
 Submit funny stuff to Cracked.com. They are looking for writers to submit articles, photoshops, infographics and videos. Pays weekly via PayPal. Open Worldwide! 
 Crowd Source 
 Complete online assignments in writing, translation, data entry, and more. Daily pay! 
 Elance 
 Hundreds of freelance work open to anyone living anywhere in graphic design, mobile app, data entry, writing, translation, etc. 
 Fiverr 
 Complete random gigs for others online doing voice overs, writing articles, data entry and more! Open worldwide. Pays via Paypal. 
 Humanatic 
 This company needs Spanish and English speaking call reviewers to work from home. Can work from anywhere. 
 Internet Brands 
 Company that needs writers, editors, proofreaders to work from home from any location. 
 Leapforce 
 Also hires home based workers globally to complete tasks in data research, translation, and more. Need for bilingual candidates. 
 Lionbridge 
 Needs global workers to do a variety of tasks from home in web search engine results, data verification, translation, interpreters, etc. This is a freelance, part time, contract position. 
 Metaverse Mod Squad 
 This company is looking for several foreign language mods (those who moderate content, chat with customers, manage communities, check for bugs, etc.) to work from home. 
 Postloop 
 Get paid cash to post on various forums online for extra income. Only required good English grammar and a Paypal account. 
 
 Quicktate 
 Transcription work at home jobs available for those outside the US to type in short audio files online. Bilingual transcribers also needed. 
 Service 800 
 Hires customer service reps in US, South Africa, Europe, and Asia. 
 Short Task 
 Complete micro tasks from home in research, writing, translation, data entry, etc. Can work from anywhere. Pays per task via Paypal. 
 Sykes 
 Hires people from the US and Canada to work from home in customer service. Offers benefits. 
 Teletech 
 Has work at home jobs in technical support and custom service as well as bilingual candidates. 
 For those who simply want to earn extra money, points, 
and rewards completing surveys, participating in polls 
and more. Try these companies below. 
 Textbroker 
 Has work at home writing and editing jobs that you for those who live in the  UK ,  IT , DE ,  FR ,  NL ,  ES . 
 TextMaster 
 Work on freelance projects from home in writing, editing and translating for this company. Open Worldwide! 
 Usertesting 
 Get paid $10 to test various websites online. Pays $10 per test and $15 per mobile test. 
 Whatusersdo 
 
 Get paid $8 for every website you test. No skills needed. Only requires a microphone and Internet connection. PC, Macs and Netbooks allowed. Open to all. 
 Working Solutions 
 This company has some global work at home jobs in customer service. 
 World Lingo 
 They are always looking for good freelance translators to work from home. Must have 2 years translation experience in your area of specialty. 
 Zero Chaos 
 Hires international and bilingual candidates to work from home as independent contractors searching the Internet and comparing results. 
 Please  subscribe  to my YouTube channel for even more companies that hire people to work from home who live outside the US. 
 Global Survey Panels 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,475 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
