Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Receptionist/Administration Support 
 Windermere Music Academy 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 WINDERMERE MUSIC ACADEMY – Receptionist 
 Play it. Sing it. Move it. Shake it. Learn it. 
 Since 2016, The Windermere Music Academy has been helping kids and adults alike uncover and develop their passions of music and dance in a nurturing and welcoming environment. Taught by our expert instructors, our music school offers a range of instrument, voice, theory, and dance lessons so that everyone can discover their own beat, at any skill level from beginner to elite. 
 Join us in our mission to help students discover their love for music and dance through practice that is fun and balanced. 
 The Windermere Music Academy is seeking an experienced and highly motivated  Receptionist  to: 
 
 Greet, welcome and direct visitors and clients appropriately 
 Answer incoming phone calls in a professional and friendly manner, responding to or redirecting questions or complaints 
 Respond to class inquires, assisting clients in registering for classes and providing a clear understanding of class policies and expectations 
 Act as a liaison between clients and instructors for class scheduling and attendance 
 Promote Windermere Music Academy classes and events to prospective clients 
 Process payment transactions, issue receipts, and ensure accurate filing and data entry 
 Coordinate and schedule meetings internally and with clients as needed 
 Ensure maintenance of a well-kept and professional looking reception area 
 Provide general administrative and clerical support as required 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Experience in office reception and/or administrative experience 
 Exceptional ability to work independently and efficiently, prioritize and multi-task 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills with a friendly and professional demeanor 
 Proficient computer skills in a desktop environment, including the use of Microsoft Word, Excel and Google applications 
 Demonstrated conflict resolution skills, displaying sound judgment and tact 
 Experience working with children and/or in a school environment is considered and asset 
 
 Hire is dependent upon a satisfactory Police Information Check. The successful candidate will be subject to a three month probation period. 
 Windermere Music Academy is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome diversity and encourage applications from all qualified individuals. 
 Hours of Work 
 2:00 PM - 8:00 PM Mon, Teus, Wed, Fri 
 1:30 - 8:30 PM Thurs 
 Some flexibility 
 Additional event hours as required 
 Work Location 
 318 Windermere Rd NW, Edmonton, AB T6W 2Z8 
 Please include your full resume and cover letter in your application through indeed. Other forms of application will not be considered. Please complete the assessment sent through indeed. 
 Job Type: Permanent 
 Administrative Duties: 
 
 Greeting visitors 
 Answering and routing phone calls 
 Scheduling 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
