
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 17 Easy Online Jobs for Teenagers (No Prior Experience) 
 Work From Home Jobs  December 20, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Looking for the best online jobs for teenagers? Below you'll find a list of some easy online jobs for teens looking to earn some extra cash during their free time. Enjoy reading! 
 Not long ago, teenagers had to wait for summer to start rushing up and down, trying to find their summer jobs. The summer jobs in stores were always in demand, and many people would miss out. 
 Hurray! That era is long gone! The internet era has something for every teenager. If you are a teenager, you can now find many online jobs, which you can do from the comfort of your bedroom. No need to drive around trying to find employment in stores. 
 Are you a teenager looking for jobs to help you earn some little money on the side? If yes, I wrote this specifically for you. In this article, I review some of the most suitable online jobs for teenagers. 
 You can correctly hack these jobs on the weekends or evenings, and holidays. What I am saying is you can perfectly juggle between your schoolwork, leisure, and these jobs. 
 Let’s get going. 
 Online jobs for teenagers to make money 
 Don't forget:  17 Best Online Jobs For Students With No Experience 
 1. Earn cash doing everyday online activities with InboxDollars 
 InboxDollars will pay you to perform tasks that you initially did for free. When you sign up on InboxDollars, you will perform simple online activities such as  watching videos , playing games,  read emails , referring your friends, using coupons and answering surveys. 
 If you are in the USA and are 13 years and above, sign up today on InboxDollars. Immediately after signing up, you will be rewarded a cool $5. 
 You can expect to make anything between $10 and $60 per month from these varied earning opportunities. However, once you accumulate $30, you can withdraw or request a gift card. 
 Click here to join InboxDollars & claim your $5 bonus 
 2. Make Money Blogging 
 If you are 13 and above, you can start your blog. Creating a blog will take you only a few hours. 
 Blogging is one of the best-paying online jobs, mainly because your work will keep paying you long after you do it. 
 So, what exactly will you blog about? Anything under the sun. You can blog about fashion, travel, food, TV programs, religion, books, daily activities, fitness, or anything that appeals to you. 
 After you set up your blog, create excellent content, and build your audience. You will soon be grateful for the returns. 
 I started this blog back in Feb 2020. It's been growing ever since and is now making over $700 a month as of December 2020 (with traffic of around 25000 sessions a month). 
 Earnings from one of the affiliate programs (from 1st-18th December 2020) 
 Earnings from another affiliate program 
 The blog mainly makes money through affiliate marketing and I plan to also add advertisements once it starts generating at least 50, 000 sessions a month. 
 Start your own blog! 
 You can  start your own blog today with Bluehost for only  $3.95 a month . You will also get a free domain name plus many other benefits. If you are interested  click here  for more information on their pricing and services. 
 3. Make Money Doing Online Surveys 
 Online surveys are as easy as giving your opinions for money. Yes, you read that right. There are a lot of companies that are looking for people's views. 
 So, why would they pay you for your opinion? This is a way of companies doing their market research. They want to know your spending habits, and what you think about their goods and products. So, stop giving your opinions for free and start making some money for it. 
 You need to be 13 and above to sign up on many survey sites. Some will require you to 18 and above. So, check the age requirement before you start signing up. 
 If you're interested in doing surveys, be sure to check out  Survey Junkie  and  Swagbucks . 
 You might also like: 
 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 19 Most Rewarding Surveys – Best Online Surveys For Money & Rewards 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 10 Best Paid Surveys In Canada That Actually Pay 
 Top 10 Best Paid Surveys In Australia 
 9 Best Paid Surveys UK: Top Online Surveys For UK Residents 
 
 Make an Extra $700/Month From Home 
 
 Swagbucks  will pay you $10 just for joining. Get paid more money for sharing your opinions, playing games, watching videos and searching the web.  Click here to join Swagbucks   (Australia, Canada, Ireland & USA residents) 
   Survey Junkie  - Get paid for answering surveys. Join focus groups to earn even more. Up to $75 per completed survey.  Click here to join Survey Junkie   (USA, Canada & Australia residents) 
   InboxDollars  - Get paid to take surveys online, read emails, play games, and go shopping. New users receive $5 dollars just for joining.  Click here to join InboxDollars   (USA residents) 
   MyPoints  - Get PayPal cash for taking polls, answering surveys and much more. You get a $10 welcome bonus!  Click here to join MyPoints   (USA & Canada residents) 
 
 4. Freelance Proofreading 
 Proofreading involves reading through manuscripts and other written documents and correcting errors in them. As a proofreader, when you get your hands on a document, you will correct grammatical errors, punctuation marks, and spelling errors. 
 Before you consider proofreading, ask yourself whether you notice mistakes while reading. 
 Are you above average in grammar? If yes, you could work as a proofreader. 
 So, where do you find proofreading jobs? You could start by offering your services to your fellow students. Proofreading their essays before they submit them could be a good deal for you. 
 Furthermore, there are a lot of sites that accept proofreaders. You could try and sign up on these and try hunting for your first proofreading job. Here's a list of  places to find freelance proofreading jobs . 
 Get proofreading training  : 
 A great way to start your proofreading hustle on the right foot is to enroll in a proofreading training course. One of the most recommended is Caitlin Pyle’s  FREE proofreading workshop for beginners . It's a free webinar that will equip you with the vital skills needed to get started. 
 Caitlin Pyle is a veteran in the proofreading industry. She’s been doing it since 2007 and earns thousands of dollars. Besides, she’s already helped over 5000 students start their proofreading hustles. 
 
 You might also like: 
 
 What Is Proofreading, And How Do I Become A Successful Proofreader? 
 How To Become A Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 Interview With Caitlin Pyle on What It Takes To Start A Successful Proofreading Business 
 Is Proofread Anywhere Legit? Here’s The Truth 
 
 5. Start A YouTube Channel 
 Have something you love doing and want to share it with the world? Start a Youtube channel. 
 You don't need complex videographer equipment to get started. You can start with your phone, and you will get the camera and the stands as you grow your channel. 
 You can create videos of anything you like. Whatever niche you choose, always create great content that will give you more audience and watch time. You can later monetize your account and also earn from the ads that are aired alongside the videos. 
 Online jobs for teenagers with no experience 
 Don't forget:  15 EASY Online Jobs That Pay Through PayPal (FAST!) 
 6. Play Online Games for Money 
 Are you a gamer? How about you change that leisure activity to a money-making venture? 
 This way, you will do what you love doing and earn some money while at it. 
 A lot of game developers hire people to play their games and give their reviews. This is truly a fun way to earn some cash. Some will require you to download the games, while others will require you to play online games. 
 Sign up on sites that hire people to play games and get started. You can sign up on Twitch and earn money for gaming live. 
 Check out this >>  15 PayPal Games For Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 7. Transcription 
 Transcription is a freelancing job that requires you to transform audio into a written file. 
 So, with this, your client will give you audio and you will listen to it as you type it out. 
 You need a good set of noise-canceling headphones and a stable internet connection. Also, there is a lot of information you can get online that will help you start on your transcription job. 
 There are also a lot of sites that hire transcriptionists. Some are not particular about age, so you are good to get started. Some of them may require you to be 18. 
 FREE Transcription mini-course  : 
 If you’re wondering whether or not transcription is a good side hustle for you, be sure to  enroll in this FREE mini-course on transcription foundations . See why transcription is an invaluable skill in today’s digital world and learn how to become a successful transcriber. 
 8. Freelance Writing 
 Do you love writing? If yes, why not use that to make some money? There are a lot of businesses, blogs, and website owners looking for writers. 
 All the content you find on the internet was written by someone somewhere. I am sure you have seen and read a lot of content about things you like. 
 You can write about gaming, fashion, pets, nutrition, travel, fitness, health, music, business, kids, or whatever tickles your fancy. 
 For starters, you can sign up on content mills and freelance marketplaces. Start bidding for work, and you sure will love the outcome. 
 Related:  20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 9. Get Paid to Deliver Food 
 Do you have a car, scooter, or bike idling? You could use that to deliver food to people. Some companies will let you deliver the food on foot too. Most of the job delivery sites require you to be 18 and above. 
 If you are going to deliver using your car, you will need your driving license and, in most cases, car models not earlier than 1998 models. 
 All you need to do is sign up on these sites. You can then start delivering food to people when you want to. You can work as much or as little as you wish. 
 Some of the popular food delivery companies you may want to consider include Uber Eats, Postmates, and Dosh. 
 Read more:  15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring Now 
 10. Become a peer tutor at Aristotle Circle 
 If you have been an A student, be sure to grab this opportunity. You don't need to be a professor to tutor students online. 
 As a peer tutor on  Aristotle Circle , you will help students who are experiencing difficulties, especially in the disciplines you were strongest at. 
 You can offer educational support in whatever field you like. You need to prove your qualifications, which are straight As. You also need to be available for a minimum of three hours per week. 
 The tutoring rates at Aristotle Circle are competitive, and it will ultimately be worth your time. 
 Other online jobs for teenagers 
 Don't forget:  15 Online Jobs For Beginners With No Experience 
 11. Website Testing 
 Website testing is a straightforward activity that can earn you handsomely. All you need to do is give your opinion concerning different aspects of the websites. Your opinions will be used to improve the overall appearance and relevance of the website. 
 Some of the gigs will require you to voice out your views loud, while some will require you to type them out. 
 Most of the gigs will pay anything between $10 and $20 per hour. 
 You have to pass a test before getting accepted. 
 Most of these website testing companies require you to be 18 and above. 
 Ready more:  20 Website Testing Jobs – Get Paid To Test Websites 
 12. Manage social media for businesses and entrepreneurs 
 Do you love spending time on social media? Are you conversant with most of the social media platforms? You could turn that habit into a money-making venture. 
 Many businesses, entrepreneurs, and public personalities are trying to make their presence noticeable on social media platforms. They hire people to manage their social media accounts. 
 As a social media account manager, you will make posts, engage the audience, moderate groups' activities, answer public and private queries, take orders, and organize social media events such as live sessions. 
 You could start pitching to small businesses and see what you land. You could even offer to start and run social media accounts for businesses that don’t own them yet. However, most clients will need to see that you are skilled, especially in building a following on social media. 
 13. Get Paid To Review Music 
 Musicians love to get feedback from their audience. Feedback from their audience helps them make better music. So, if you love music, this could be your opportunity to make some cash. 
 You can sign up SliceThePie to start reviewing music for money. You will listen to a track for around 90 seconds and answer a few questions about what you think. This is less earning money doing what you love. 
 On SliceThePie, a single review can earn you anything between 5 cents and 15 cents. The exact amount will depend on your account's star rating and the quality of your review. 
 Read more:  Get Paid To Listen To Music Online (11 Ways To Make Money Listening To Music) 
 14. Sell Crafts on Etsy 
 Etsy is an online marketplace that lets people sell their crafts. For instance, in 2017 alone, over 33 million sales were made on Etsy. 
 You need to be 18 and above to join Etsy. However, if you are below 18, you can still join, with your parent or guardian as a co-owner. 
 So, what can you sell on Etsy? Anything from handmade toys, jewelry, art, clothes, crotchet pieces, bags, and wall hangings. 
 Sign up on Etsy  today and start selling your craft. 
 15. Data Entry Clerk 
 Data Entry jobs are one of the most popular online teen jobs. Some of the most popular data entry jobs include text creation, categorization, app testing, research, data analysis, and manipulation. 
 Clickworker is one of the most popular sites people use to hunt for data entry jobs. Sign up today and land your first online job. 
 The good thing with data entry jobs is they are incredibly beginner-friendly. You can correctly hack several of them without training. 
 Read more:  19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 16. Do microtasks on Amazon Mechanical Turk 
 Amazon Mechanical Turk  is a marketplace that allows small businesses or individuals to hire people to perform simple tasks. The tasks can either be online or onsite. 
 Some of the functions you can expect may include cleaning, moving furniture, creating social media posts, writing an article, translating documents, or transcribing. 
 You can request payment anytime you want or as soon you complete a task. You can withdraw via PayPal or request Amazon gift cards. 
 17. Sell textbooks and used books on BookScouter 
 BookScouter  is a site that allows people to buy and sell textbooks. If you have books from levels you completed, why not sell them. The thing is people collect lots of textbooks that they may never use again. 
 Instead of having piles and piles of books collecting dust, make good use of Bookscouter. 
 If you are not using the book at the moment but don't want to get rid of it completely, you can rent it out too. 
 Ready to ace these online jobs for teenagers? 
 Let's face it, teenage years are characterized by being broke, with a lot of needs, and luckily, a lot of time. What you do with your time will entirely depend on your choice. However, getting a part-time job during your teenage years could go a long way for you. 
 You do not have to fight over the few summer jobs at the stores when you can comfortably earn some cash from your bedroom. Get that online job, earn some cash doing it, and have the freedom to get whatever you want whenever you want to. 
 So, are you ready to ace these online jobs for teenagers? Have any other  work from home teen jobs  to add? Let us know in the comment section below. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: online jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 Looking for the best work from home jobs? … 
   
 25 Legit Online Jobs That Pay Weekly in 2020 
 Looking for legit online jobs that pay weekly? … 
   
 15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring in 2020 
 Do you have plenty of time in your … 
   
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking For Online Jobs 
 Are you a freelancer looking for the best … 
   
 15 Best Voice Over Jobs From Home 
 Are you looking for voice over jobs from … 
   
 70+ Online Jobs Worldwide: Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 Looking for online jobs that allow you to … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives (Work From Home) 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 17 Easy Online Jobs for Teenagers (No Prior Experience) 
 
 
 20 Website Testing Jobs - Get Paid To Test Websites 
 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 
 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
