Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Teaching-Track Assistant Professor Position in Human Resources and Management 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The DeGroote School of Business, McMaster University, invites applications for a teaching-track Assistant Professor position in the Human Resources and Management Area, beginning July 1, 2019. 
 We seek someone who will expand the breadth and depth of teaching in our department. Applicants must demonstrate a strong commitment to excellence and innovation in teaching, and possess a PhD in Human Resources Management and/or Organizational Behavior, or related discipline. 
 Because this is a teaching-track position, suitable candidates should expect to devote themselves primarily to teaching within an academic environment and to keep abreast of developments in the discipline in which they teach. Such appointments are made in the first instance for a stated period, similar to tenure-track appointments. At the end of that period, if the candidate is successful, the University will grant permanence (which is akin to tenure) to the candidate in the teaching-track position. 
 The appointee will normally teach teach 8 course sections per academic year. Ideal candidates will have developed and taught a variety of classes (e.g., introductory survey courses in OB and HR, upper year electives in HR), and at different levels (e.g., BCom, MBA) to a diverse student body. Also desirable is experience delivering on-line courses and using innovative teaching technologies. 
 While the primary role for this position is teaching, the appointee is also expected to serve on internal committees, participate in events organized by students and the school, and engage in other service activities. The successful candidate will have the opportunity and is encouraged to conduct pedagogical research. Access to conference travel funding is available. 
 McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. Our focus on collaboration makes us uniquely positioned to pioneer ground-breaking solutions to real-world problems, leading to a Brighter World. In 2017, McMaster University was ranked 66th (3rd highest of Canadian universities) in the Academic Ranking of World Universities (ARWU), and 77th in the Times Higher Education World University Rankings (4th highest in Canada; top 1% of universities in the world). The DeGroote School of Business (DSB) operates undergraduate and PhD courses on the University main campus in Hamilton, Ontario, and the MBA, EMBA and non-degree executive programs at a “state-of-the-art” facility in nearby Burlington, Ontario. The DSB employs close to 90 full time faculty members with enrollment of 4100 students across undergraduate and graduate programs. 
 Faculty members at McMaster University are provided with a comprehensive benefits package that includes, but is not limited to, extended health care benefits, dental care, group life, long term disability, worldwide travel assistance, and a retirement plan. Progressive policies are in place to assist faculty who become parents or are required to care for family members. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 How To Apply 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The search will begin immediately. 
 Please apply online via the McMaster Academic Careers website (http://www.workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/), (Faculty Postings, Job Opening ID: 24171), directing your application documents to: 
 Dr. Aaron Schat, Chair, Human Resources and Management Area 
DeGroote School of Business, McMaster University 
1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada L8S 4M4 
 Through the above noted on-line system, please submit a cover letter and curriculum vitae, statement of teaching philosophy and practice, statement of teaching interests, evidence of breadth, depth and effectiveness of teaching, including on-line teaching experience and use of technological innovations, and a statement of research interests (optional). Please also provide the names of 3 referees who may be contacted to provide further information about your suitability for this position. 
 To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
