Skip to content 
  WorkingAssets  
 [   WorkingAssets ](https://workingassetscareerguide.com/) 
 A Career Forum for Peers 
 Menu 
 
 Book Excerpt 
 Testimonials 
 Career Resources 
 Podcast Interview 
 Search for: 
 
 Using the Creative Process on a Job 
 Author Chris Bruni Posted on  February 25, 2020February 16, 2020 Categories Careers Tags alternative careers for artists ,  using the creative process on a job ,  working in a library 
 Post navigation 
 Previous: Previous post: The Healing Power of Choosing Your Identity 
 Next: Next post: Individuality in the Workplace 
 I’ve thought long and hard about the topic of suitable careers for Artists and other left of the dial folk. Not all of us will see the day our paintings hang in the Metropolitan Museum. Not all of us will go on a worldwide tour with our rock band. 
 It’s why I’m a big fan of having a pleasant day job like that in a library. And singing your heart out with a folk band at night and on the weekend. 
 After I bombed out in my first career in legal and corporate offices, I went back to school for a library degree. While at Pratt Institute I met other students, who were Artists that worked as librarians. Some were studying in the dual-degree program for an MS in Library and Information Science/MA History of Art and Design. This enabled them to work in the library at an art school, museum, or cultural institution. 
 I recommend getting a job in a library. You’ll need a Masters’ degree to become a librarian. To get a job as a clerk or computer assistant in a public library you don’t need a degree. 
 For over 11 years I’ve had a niche as a career services librarian. Creating resumes and helping people conduct job searches is a novel way I discovered to be creative on my job. Each resume I create is hand-crafted. A work of art in its own way. 
 This shows that expanding the definition of what constitutes the creative process can open career doors. Not just doors for Artists. Doors could open for everyone seeking bulletproof job longevity in the age of robots and computers. 
 I coached a woman who taught herself computer imaging design so that she could get a job as a graphic artist. She told me that traditional photographers aren’t used to shoot product photos anymore. CAD-programs are used instead. 
 Even accountants are creative in coming up with inventive methods for their clients to cut costs. Individuals working in a traditional job like this can be Artists after hours. 
 I knew a woman who worked as an insurance agent. She moonlighted as a baker. 
 More in a coming blog entry on expressing yourself on a job within the protocol of the modern workplace. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author:  Chris Bruni 
 Christina Bruni is the author of the critically acclaimed memoir Left of the Dial. She contributed a chapter "Recovery is Within Reach" to Benessere Psicologico: Contemporary Thought on Italian American Mental Health. As well as an author and activist, Bruni is an artist and athlete.   View all posts by Chris Bruni  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Home 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 
 Search for: 
 Themes 
 
 Art and Soul 
 Book Reviews 
 Bruni in the City 
 Career Corner column 
 Careers 
 Confidence 
 Dress Code 
 Film Reviews 
 Finances 
 Fitness 
 Goal-Setting 
 Interview Questions 
 Interviews 
 Job Benefits 
 Job Search Websites 
 Left of the Dial 
 Peer Stories 
 Persistence 
 Psychiatrist Questions 
 Publishing 
 Sane Artists Collective 
 Uncategorized 
 woodshedding 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 90 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog Stats 
 
 1,040 hits 
 
 A WordPress.com Website . 
 %d bloggers like this: 
