Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 30 Sep  2013 
 Full-Time Researchers 
 Neste Oil -  Anywhere 
 NOTE:  This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant! 
 Job Description 
 The world is in constant motion - moving people and goods over long distances. Neste Oil offers a cleaner transport solutions that bring people joy of movement while reducing its environmental impact. 
 We produce a range of major products , we are the world leader in renewable diesel. We also have a functional role in the Baltic Sea area network . 
 The company employs approximately 5000 employees in 15 countries. We research and develop continuously new ways that allow the movement of a cleaner today, but most of all tomorrow. Us is in the forward direction only. 
 Neste Oil you will be able to solve the significant challenges and work with other best in the field . Development opportunities are diverse and international dimension in our everyday lives. 
 Since the work is not the whole of life , make sure that you have enough in your free time. 
 We are looking for your own amongst the best people who have the desire to do something meaningful in their lives. 
 We encourage you to be bold, inquisitive and open to new things . You are self-confident and witty, but you will find the flexibility and cooperation skills. 
 Our Department of presentation 
Research and Development is responsible for developing new products and production technologies as well as providing expertise and laboratory services primarily for industry and the company's needs. 
 Job Description 
We are looking for two researchers to work from our Porvoo Technology Center. 
 Working on fuel and oil refining products, research and product development. 
 You are responsible for 
forward-looking analytics for method development , you take control of laboratory research, and participate in the use of fossil and renewable fuels research and development projects. 
 Must hold a academic degree, such as an inorganic or organic chemistry, as well as a good command of English. 
 The researcher's task requires a strong analytics skills and practical knowledge of technological devices , such as ICP , AAS, IC and UV -VIS. 
 The second task we are looking for a proactive and innovative research, which has a strong chemistry and analytics skills in addition to a very good interpersonal skills as well as experience of working in research projects. The wide scope of the study would be an advantage . 
 We offer an interesting task area of renewable oil refining, working, enthusiastic and skilled work community support, as well as the opportunity for professional development. 
 Additional Information 
 The successful candidate will be required to undergo an approved medical examination which includes a drug test. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Office Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . _ 
 2106 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 26 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Assistant 
Location
 Turku  Finland Proper, Finland
Date Posted
 21 Sep  2012
3. Type
Freelance
Job
 Travel agent,fi 
Location
 Uusimaa  Finland
Date Posted
 26 Nov  2013 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Seven Finnish Companies in Dow Jones Sustainability Index 
 Finns Find Vaccine To Prevent Diabetes 
 International Science Olympiads - Another Achievement for Finland 
 Finnish Food Documentary Grabs 2 Gold Awards 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1298](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
