Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Developmental Service Worker 
 Community Living North Halton 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Community Living North Halton  (CLNH) provides exciting employment and leadership development opportunities, and we are looking for talented individuals who want to empower others to reach their full potential. 
 As a leader in the field of Developmental Services, we have experienced continuous expansion over the last 5 years, and we are planning for continued growth to come. 
 Our mission is to provide supports and services to individuals with developmental disabilities and to enhance their personal growth and inclusion in the community. CLNH is a community where everyone belongs and is valued. 
 CLNH is inviting qualified applicants for casual  Support Worker  positions to provide direct supports to youth and adults with Autism and who have behavioural challenges. 
 Requirements: 
 
 Diploma in Social Services (  DSW, SSW, CYW  ) or University Degree in Social Sciences. Related experience preferred. Will consider equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 Demonstrated commitment to CLNH Mission, Vision and Values. 
 Demonstrated ability to facilitate and support Person Centered Planning and Daily Activity Schedules 
 Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with families 
 Must be comfortable working in a video monitored home 
 Knowledge and experience in supporting individuals with Autism / Dual Diagnosis / Mental Health disorders 
 Able to support individuals in their daily physical activities – this position requires highly active individuals and to be comfortable in all activities (such as swimming; hiking; gymnastics) 
 Demonstrated ability and willingness to drive any of the agency vehicles. 
 Demonstrated experience & flexibility in providing supports to individuals with challenging aggressive behaviours; ability to perform all techniques taught in Safe Management 
 Demonstrated commitment in implementing communication and behavioural support plans 
 Commitment in involving people to become more involved in their communities 
 Demonstrated experience through Core Competencies 
 Experience & flexibility to work in different areas across the Association 
 This requires the successful candidate to have a valid Ontario Drivers License.  The successful candidate would have to provide proof that s/he has a valid driver’s license upon being hired. 
 
 We thank all applicants in advance; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted.  No phone calls please. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarions with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code, Community Living North Halton will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect to any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 Job Type: Casual 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
