Skip to content 
 
 Mike W. Lyles 
 International Speaker, Writer, Leader, and IT Professional 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Mike 
 Mike's Speaking & Media 
 Mike's Testapedia 
 iFacts 
 
   
 Tag: steve jobs 
 12 Rules of Success from Steve Jobs 
 Anyone that knows me understands that I have quoted Steve Jobs many times in my leadership coaching, mentoring, speaking, and training. I was fortunate to find an article which listed 12 rules of success that he had claimed years ago. I wanted to share these 12 rules with my readers and followers…. 
 
 Rule #01:  Do what you love to do. Find your true passion. Make a difference. The only way to do great work is to love what you do. 
 Rule #02:  Be different. Think different. Better to be a pirate than to join the navy. 
 Rule #03:  Do your best at every job. Don’t sleep! Success generates more success so be hungry for it. Hire good people with a passion for excellence. 
 Rule #04:  Perform SWOT analysis. As soon as you join/start a company, make a list of strengths and weaknesses of yourself and your company on a piece of paper. Don’t hesitate to throw bad apples out of the company. 
 Rule #05:  Be entrepreneurial. Look for the next big thing. Find a set of ideas that need to be acted upon quickly and decisively and jump through that window. Sometimes the first step is the hardest one. Just take it. Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. 
 Rule #06:  Start small, think big. Don’t worry about too many things at once. Take a handful of simple things to begin with, and then progress to more complex ones. Think about not just tomorrow, but the future. Put a ding in the universe. 
 Rule #07:  Strive to become a market leader. Own and control the primary technology in everything you do. If there’s a better technology available, use it regardless of whether or not anyone else is using it. Be the first, and make it an industry standard. 
 Rule #08:  People judge you by your performance, so focus on the outcome. Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected. Advertise. If they don’t know about it, they won’t buy your product. Pay attention to design. We made the buttons on the screen look so good you’ll want to lick them. Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. 
 Rule #09:  Ask for feedback from people with diverse backgrounds. Each one will tell you one useful thing. If you’re at the top of the chain, sometimes people won’t give you honest feedback because they’re afraid. In this case, disguise yourself, or get feedback from other sources. Focus on those who will use your product – listen to your customers first. 
 Rule #10:  Innovate. Innovation distinguishes a leader from a follower. Delegate. Let other top executives do 50% of your routine work to be able to spend 50% your time on the new stuff. Say no to 1,000 things to make sure you don’t get on the wrong track or try to do too much. Concentrate on really important creations and radical innovation. Hire people who want to make the best things in the world. You need a very product-oriented culture, even in a technology company. Lots of companies have tons of great engineers and smart people. But ultimately, there needs to be some gravitational force that pulls it all together. 
 Rule #11:  Learn from failures. Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations. 
 Rule #12:  Learn continually. There’s always “one more thing” to learn. 
Cross-pollinate ideas with others both within and outside your company. Learn from customers, competitors and partners. If you partner with someone whom you don’t like, learn to like them – praise them and benefit from them. Learn to criticize your enemies openly, but honestly. 
 I hope you enjoy these, and I hope also that you are already following some of these rules in your life. I wish you all much success and that you reach all of your goals! 
 Source of information:  http://www.businessbrief.com/apple-ceo-steve-jobs-12-rules-of-success/ 
 Author   Mike Lyles Posted on  August 22, 2015 Categories  Leadership & Management ,  Self-help Tags  apple ,  be different ,  company ,  concentrate ,  courage ,  culture ,  design ,  diversity ,  entrepreneurial ,  entrepreneurs ,  environment ,  excellence ,  failure ,  feedback ,  goals ,  great work ,  heart ,  honesty ,  industry ,  industry standard ,  innovate ,  innovation ,  intuitiion ,  jobs ,  judge ,  leaders ,  learn ,  love ,  love what you do ,  make a difference ,  market leader ,  navy ,  one more thing ,  partners ,  passion ,  pay attention ,  pirate ,  praise ,  quality ,  rules ,  sleep ,  steve jobs ,  strengths ,  success ,  team ,  technology ,  think ,  think different ,  weaknesses ,  yardstick Leave a comment on 12 Rules of Success from Steve Jobs 
 New Year's Resolution Time! 2015 is My Big Year! 
 It's that time of year, when folks start thinking about New Year's Resolutions. I've laughed at how so many of us will make promises on January 1 that we soon fail to complete. Many of our commitments are lost by the end of January. it's a known fact that gyms get the most applications for new membership in the first week of January. And then people go for some time and eventually let it drop off of their schedule. People will start a diet, and many will lose a few pounds, only to give up when they step out of the diet to eat something that is not good for them. People set goals to accomplish their lifelong dreams, only to give up after just a few months of moving in that direction. 
 I can't say too many negative things about this, because I, too, have been one of these people. I have planned to grow faster, do more, accomplish more, set major goals for the year, only to find that I fall short. 
 But in 2015, this is about to change. I know that my diet needs to change and I need to become more healthy. That is a goal I will set on January 1 and i will be firm on making this happen. But this is only a minor part of what 2015 has in store for me. I plan to reach out to schools and other institutions to look for opportunities to speak on leadership, and to begin coaching people on the things that made me successful in my life, as well as lessons learned which I can share to help others avoid the same roadblocks and obstacles that I encountered through my life. 
 But 2015 brings something new for Mike Lyles --- I have aspired to write a book for so many years. And I have kept notes, articles, thoughts, ideas, suggestions, and guidelines in a journal for more years than I can remember. I am pulling all of the things together and in 2015, I will be planning to publish a book. And I hope you, my followers, will be interested in reading my thoughts and being part of this journey with me. I have read so many books as well as experienced so many things in my life that I feel the book will have something that everyone can relate to, regardless of whether they are a computer geek like me, or whether they like leadership and management coaching. I want this book to be something that touches everyone in some way and gives them something to use practically in their lives. Keep your eyes open. 2015 is the year of the Lyles Book! 
 There are so many other things I plan to do in 2015. The list is too long to share in a single blog. But I can assure you that as I check off the long list of goals for my 2015, that the world around me will be changed! No time for procrastination anymore! 
 So what's your plan for 2015? Have you already started thinking about what you want to accomplish in 2015? Have you procrastinated in 2014? 2013? Years before? We are not getting any younger, and life is not slowing down to give us more time to complete what we want to do. Look around you and examine what you do each day. Are you wasting your time doing things that have no value to your life, and your message to the world? Make a list of things you want to accomplish in 2015. Prioritize that list. Look at the first two items on that list, and break those items down into tasks that you can do every day to move you in the direction of completing the goal. You will be surprised what you can accomplish if you give even 10 minutes a day to your goals. Tell those that are close to you about your goals. Tell them when you plan to complete them. And tell them to help you be disciplined. Sometimes a word of encouragement will help you to stay on track. It's human nature to want to keep those people that are important to you happy. So if you have someone watching your goals, you are less likely to procrastinate. Make it a team event! 
 Always remember the words of Steve Jobs, who said: 
 “You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something – your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. Because believing that the dots will connect down the road will give you the confidence to follow your heart even when it leads you off the well worn path; and that will make all the difference.” 
 2015 should be the year of "Never, never, never give up!" (quote from Winston Churchill). Make it year that you look back on and say that this was the year you turned your life around in the most positive direction! One small goal that you complete today may result in an amazing impact to your life in 2015 and beyond. Never underestimate how important what you do every day will do to move you closer to your goals in life. 
 And if you're reading this and saying "I don't have goals" - then today is the day you need to set at least TWO. Get them on paper and get started on them. What is your purpose in life? What do you want to leave as your legacy? It's been said that the two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. Make the best of this life. Set your goals. Go after them. And let's celebrate 2015 a year from now! 
 Get ready for my book! It's coming my friends! 
 Author   Mike Lyles Posted on  December 20, 2014December 22, 2014 Categories  Leadership & Management Tags  book ,  celebrate ,  committment ,  connect the dots ,  diet ,  dieting ,  dreams ,  exercise ,  goals ,  gym ,  healthy ,  january ,  legacy ,  mike lyles ,  never never never give up ,  new book ,  New Year ,  new year's resolution ,  resolution ,  steve jobs ,  winston churchill 6 Comments on New Year's Resolution Time! 2015 is My Big Year! 
 Website Visits 
 
 46,658 ...and counting! 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 172 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Social Media Links 
 
 View MikeLylesBusiness's profile on Facebook 
 View mikelyles's profile on Twitter 
 View MikeLyles's profile on Instagram 
 View mikelyles's profile on Pinterest 
 View mikewlyles's profile on LinkedIn 
 View mikewlyles's profile on YouTube 
 View +MikeLylesOfficial's profile on Google+ 
 
 Categories 
 
 Current Events 
 Leadership & Management 
 Miscellaneous 
 Quality Assurance & Testing 
 Self-help 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 March 2020 
 
 
 March 2018 
 
 
 December 2017 
 
 
 July 2017 
 
 
 December 2016 
 
 
 September 2016 
 
 
 May 2016 
 
 
 March 2016 
 
 
 February 2016 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 September 2015 
 
 
 August 2015 
 
 
 January 2015 
 
 
 December 2014 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 May 2014 
 
 
 March 2014 
 
 
 February 2014 
 
 
 January 2014 
 
 
 December 2013 
 
 
 November 2013 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 July 2013 
 
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 March 2013 
 
 
 February 2013 
 
 
 January 2013 
 
 
 December 2012 
 
 
 October 2012 
 
 
 July 2012 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About Mike 
 
 
 Mike's Speaking & Media 
 
 
 Mike's Testapedia 
 
 
 iFacts 
 
 
 Mike W. Lyles   A WordPress.com Website . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
