[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Brand New Work at Home Jobs (Weekend Edition) 
 Published by  aw1219  on October 10, 2020 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 I found some really interesting  work at home jobs  that I wanted to share with you today. This is in addition to the work at home jobs that I posted yesterday on the  Friday freebie page  and throughout the week on the  weekly job section . Be sure to apply to any jobs that you are interested in and share them with your family and friends. 
 A lot of companies are recruiting home agents to complete various tasks from your home office. This means that you can be selective but you do not want to delay applying to any job offers that you desire because they may only have a few openings and could get filled quickly. Additional work at home jobs are posted on the following sites: 
 Workersonboard Community 
 Real Work from Home Jobs 
 Please feel free to join so that you can get access to more free work at home job listings. 
   
 Customer Retention 
 Lumen is now hiring reps to resolve residential customer issues, offer new products and services as well as build a good customer rapport. You must be computer literate, be punctual, strong listening skills, and have a distraction-free workspace at home. Hourly pay with benefits. The company will supply all equipment. 
 Call Center Agent 
 Parallon has openings for those with superb customer service skills to work part-time assisting other call center agents to generate revenue for hospitals. No prior experience required. Pays $13 per hour with benefits. 
 Travel Agent - Computer equipment provided! 
 Teleperformance is recruiting agents to answer calls from card members who want to redeem their rewards points to book trips. You will be responsible for some data entry and for booking leisure domestic and international reservations. Requires previous work from home call center experience, travel experience, be proficient with computers, and strong judgment skills. Paid training with benefits. Hiring for all shifts. 
 Customer Support 
 
 Sywbol is looking for people to assist their customers with technical problems that use their products and services. You will also update their databases and assist with training junior customer support reps. Requires patience, previous customer service experience, and excellent communication skills. 
 Customer Support I 
 VSP is seeking reps to respond to customer inquiries regarding prescriptions, plans, products, services, etc. Requires 1-2 years of customer service experience, excellent verbal skills, working knowledge of MS Office, and can work any shift. 
   
 Universal Call Center Rep - Company will provide laptop and headset 
 Nieman Marcus is hiring reps to render sound underwriting decisions on new credit card applications, review existing credit line requests, and general customer service inquiries. Must be a great listener, have 2 years of experience, and exceptional technical skills. 
 Virtual Tutors - Global opportunity! 
 Course Hero is looking for people to work their own hours helping high school and college students get answers to their course-specific questions. Earn $12 to $20 per hour. 
 Customer Support 
 Rev.com is now hiring reps to assist their customers and freelancers via phone, chat, and email processing incoming orders, and other duties. Requires 1-year sales or customer support experience, be organized, tech-savvy, be patient, and can work afternoons and evenings. 
 
 Inbound Support - Benefits provided 
 GoDaddy is hiring reps to work from home troubleshooting GoDaddy products, providing consultation to customers, and other duties. Requires 6 months of customer service experience, good research skills, knowledge of internet technology, and can multitask. 
 Community Support Associate - Long-term 
 ModSquad is now seeking experts with an enthusiastic attitude to answer tech support questions via email. You must be internet savvy with great people skills, excellent communication, some experience with live streaming, and can work long-term. Competitive salary with benefits. 
 NCP - Super Easy! 
 Get free cash, gift cards, prizes like a Smart TV, cool household items, electronic devices, toys, and so much more plus all members have a chance to win $20,000 in cash for scanning barcodes from your purchases. 
 Nielsen Computer Panel 
 
 Get free rewards and cash for your internet usage plus win $10,000 with their monthly giveaway! 
 PrizeRebel 
 Get free PayPal, Visa, or free gift cards fast to take polls, watch cool videos, complete offers, and so much more. Must be 13. Open worldwide. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  weekend work at home job postings weekend work at home jobs weekend work from home job leads weekly job leads 
 Tags:  brand new work at home jobs new work at home jobs work from home job leads 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 Related Posts 
   
 latest work at home job leads 
  Brand New Work at Home Jobs (Weekend Edition)  
 If you are currently looking for a work at home job, there are a few companies hiring that I found online to share with you. Some of these companies and positions hire in the United States and also Canada. I have included the details, pay, and any other information that may be helpful in your work at home journey. 
   
 Saturday work at home jobs 
  Saturday Work at home Job Leads  
 Brand new work from home jobs posted this Saturday from companies currently hiring that you can apply to online plus everything you need to work from home including resume tips, work at home equipment, online course and more. 
   
 weekend work at home job leads 
  Weekend Work at home Jobs  
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post.I decided to post the latest work at home jobs on my blog this weekend. Although you may think that Monday  Read more… 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
