Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Food Service Worker -Full Time- Milton 1 
 Compass Group Canada 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You might not know our name, but you know where we are. That’s because Compass Group Canada is part of a global foodservice and support services company that’s the 6th largest employer in the world, with 625,000 employees. 
 You’ll find us in schools, colleges, hospitals, office buildings, senior living communities, tourist attractions, sports venues, remote camps and military instillations and more. We’re in all major cities, at remote work sites and everywhere in between – doing business in Canada and 50+ other countries where you can learn and grow. Join us now and point your career forward! 
 Imagine a place where people work as one to create an experience that inspires many. Join us and know that you make it possible for friends, families, and co-workers to come together. No matter why they gather, we’re here to serve. Because of what we do, people share so much more than a meal. And that’s why this is so much more than a job. 
 Why work with Eurest Dining? We are a member of Compass Group Canada, the leading food and support Services Company. We provide diverse, innovative dining services to corporate headquarter locations, law firms, manufacturing facilities, distribution centres and call centres. Join our commitment to providing exceptional food service to the best of business and industry. 
 Starting hourly pay rate- $16.09/ hr – 50 cent increase after 60 working days 
 Type-Full Time 
 Shifts/ Hours:  Varying Shifts (7:30am - 4:00pm, 9:00am - 5:30pm, 10:00am - 6:30pm) 
 – Some OT required. MUST work weekend 
 Location- Milton ON, 
 Job Summary 
 Prepares, presents and serves meals, ensuring the quality of the food and overall presentation. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Perform prep work such as washing, peeling, cutting and seeding fruits and vegetables. 
Carry pans, kettles and trays of food to and from work stations, stove and refrigerator in accordance with safety standards. 
Store food in designated areas following wrapping, dating, food safety and rotation procedures. 
Set up items for purchase on daily basis. 
Perform general cleaning duties; remove trash and garbage to designated areas. 
Distribute supplies, utensils and portable equipment. 
Utilize approved food recipes and production standards to ensure proper quality, serving temperatures and standard portion control. Notify cooks if food temperatures are not within acceptable limits. 
Serve customers in a friendly, efficient manner following outlined steps of service. 
Resolve customer concerns and relays relevant information to supervisor. 
Assure compliance with all sanitation and safety requirements. 
Provide service in all retail areas, including cashiering and line serving. 
 Qualifications: 
Think you have what it takes to be one of our Food Service Workers? We’re committed to hiring the best talent for the role. Here’s how we’ll know you’ll be successful in the role: 
 FoodSafe Level 1 Certification. 
Familiar with the use of a cash register is an asset. 
Strong time management and organizational skills to be able to manage heavy workload. 
Ability to work both independently and in team setting as required. 
Good command of English language, both verbal and written and ability to follow written and verbal instructions. 
Previous food service experience in healthcare, hotel, restaurant or fast food is considered an asset. 
Physical ability to carry out the duties of the position. 
 Compass Group Canada is committed to nurturing a diverse workforce representative of the communities within which we operate. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, colour, citizenship, religion, sex, marital / family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply. 
 For accommodation requests during the hiring process, please contact diversity@compass-canada.com for further information. 
 Job Segment:  Food Service, Cashier, Hospitality 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
