  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Google Maps 
 
 Google Maps Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Google Maps Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/google-maps) 
 6 months ago 
 Spatial analysis and Gis, remote sensing cartographer required 
 Published: 6 months ago  Deadline: 13 Bids: 5 
 You can choose 3 or more of the next projects which we need to assist and help us for carrying out. 
Technology support of essential public health operations 
Public health interventions and disaster risk reduction using mobile technologies 
Serious games and digital storytelling 
Citizens science, participatory surveillance, and crowdsourcing 
Internet of Things/sensors 
Big data modeling and machine learning 
Preparedness and response to emergencies 
The utility and application of technology in public health education 
Application of technology in community engagement 
Infection control and antimicrobial stewardship 
Methodological and technological challenges in the reutilization of routine data 
Methodological and technological challenges in the implementation, transfer, and/or scaling up of e-health 
Case studies of the application of natural language processing to health care and public health 
Studies on the effectiveness and safety of e-health 
Economics of the implementation of e-health – cost-effectiveness, budgetary impact, and opportunity costs 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Proofreading 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. Egypt 
 USD 100 - 250 
 6 months ago 
 Need to develop an App integrating google maps and distance. 
 Published: 6 months ago  Deadline: 12 Bids: 4 
 Need a login page and select contacts as  followers.Need  to enter a destination and calulate the duration based on mode of transport selected foot,car,bus etcc.. And once journey is started the followers should get a notification saying jouney is started .Then followers must tract the current location of user and if user is going in wrong route and doesnot reach destination in time warning message has to be sent to followers .If user reaches destination reached home safely message should be sent and few more requirements are there 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 Published by:  P. R. R. Last reply: 6 months ago  India 
 USD 50 - 100 
 6 months ago 
 Mobile Health 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 2 
 Develop a mobile health app for tracking the health status of a user.  It will include dynamic forms, graphs, audio and video players  with the platform flutter.  No back end work required, everything is done with a web API. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : No 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  B. F. Last reply: 6 months ago  United States Minor Outlying Islands 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 7 months ago 
 Add Gps running tracker to my sports app 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 6 
 I have a sports app. It measures the heart rate while you're training, these measurements are uploaded to a webservice. After you finish your session you can see the stats of your training session. 
 We want to add the feature of 
 
 Show and record your routes using the GPS 
 Show and Calculate the distance using the GPS and the Google API 
 Show and record your speed 
 At the end show the statistics of your running session 
** Average speed 
** Total distance 
** Speed on each kilometer run 
** Upload this data to the Webservice (if the internet is not available, keep on a local database until the internet is available) 
 
 We need this feature for both Android and iOS. 
We will have the WebService endpoints ready for you. 
We need this done in 6 weeks 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Utility - Utility application (flash, calculator, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : No 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  J. Canada 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 9 months ago 
 Google My Business 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 8 
 May include developing G Ads to drive traffic from search and display to site and GA to optimize site so that we get better visitors engagement and leads. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new custom design 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. K. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last year 
 Cesium Designer 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 1 
 Requirement: Styling Cesium 3d tileset representing multiple layers in the tile. 
 Design: Rail Piers with multiple layers. Each layer expected to the styled with colors dynamically on runtime. 
 Types of Piers: 3 
 Note: The expected layer is as expected from the following link example: https://cesium.com/blog/2017/07/12/the-next-generation-of-3d-tiles/ 
 Where, the Nominal vector tileset representing floors in a building showing the 3D nature. 
 (Or) 
 like the Point cloud of the Church of St Marie at Chappes, France.  https://cesium.com/blog/2015/08/10/introducing-3d-tiles/ 
 We will provide examples of piers to be designed. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. S. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last year 
 Fix some issue 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 10 
 I need an existing website rebuilt. I need you to build my online store.I want someone who fiz some issues in my existing website fix 2 seo red dots and new Google map api that works 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 Published by:  Z. Q. India 
 Open 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
