Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Warehouse Attendant - Order Picker 
 Saputo Inc. 
 __Vaughan, ON 
 Apply Now 
 A BETTER FUTURE 
Everything begins with passion, a legacy from the Saputo family, which offered tasty and quality cheeses to its community. Today, after more than 65 years, the company employs thousands of dedicated employees, proud of their role, who work day after day to deliver quality products to customers and consumers. 
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS 
Ensuring the well-being of our employees is our priority. We offer attractive working conditions and benefits to our employees and their families: 
Competitive salaries 
Advantageous corporate agreements 
Full range of group insurance benefits 
Group retirement pension plan with employer contribution 
Purchase option of company stocks 
Group RRSP 
Health and wellness program in the workplace 
Assistance program for employees and their families 
We support employment equity. Saputo strives to embed diversity and inclusion in its operations and invites candidates from all horizons to join its family. 
 SUMMARY OF TASKS: 
Reporting to the Warehouse Supervisor, this position is responsible for picking and packing orders in the refrigerated warehouse, including inspection for damaged product, accurate and timely completion of documentation and good housekeeping. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Perform manual lifting, stacking, loading and unloading (up to approx. 50lbs) 
 Assist in the direct handling of products 
 Participate in the setup, takedown and sanitation of all parts and equipment when required 
 Working with, and in close proximity to sanitizing chemicals (i.e. high concentrations of acids and alkalis) 
 Perform other duties as assigned 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 You are physically able to stand for long periods of time and perform repetitive movements 
 You have experience with mobile equipment (e.g. pallet jacks, forklifts, etc) 
 You are able to work in a temperate and / or refrigerated environment 
 You already have experience in manufacturing, an asset but not required 
 You learn quickly and you are responsible 
 You like working as a team and communicate well with your colleagues 
 You’re always in a good mood and you like having fun while working 
 
 Shift Schedule :  ** 24/7 Operation, Open Availability Required 
 Rate:  $21.00/Hour 
 LI-DNI 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
