
 Twitter  
 Facebook  
 
 Words By Ms. Dakota 
 "No matter what anybody tells you, words and ideas can change the world." ~ Dead Poets Society 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Writing 
 
 Fiction Short Stories 
 Poetry 
 Non-Fiction Short Stories 
 
 
 Testimonials 
 Contact 
 
 My Thoughts 
 HOW DOES ONE MANAGE A SUCCESSFUL CAREER AND FAMILY? 
 July 30, 2020August 13, 2020by  msdakotawrites 
 The sun is out. Everyone in the house is asleep and the silence is peaceful. I made myself a fresh cup of coffee and sat down to write. I stared at my blank screen for a while trying to decide what to post until the idea hit me. I remembered something my dad said to me once. He said, "If you had it all, the money and success, but no family, would the success really matter?" It got me thinking. 
 
 My dad read an article and shared his findings with my mom and me. He read about how a well-known actress, name not remembered at this time, who made it to the big-time. She had loads of money, houses, cars, people working for her, etc. I mean that's what we all want right? To be successful and make it to the top? She had all the money she could ever want. But what she did not have was a family, a loved one to hold in her arms, or children to call her mom. She felt successful in her career, but empty in her personal life. It makes you think doesn't it? I am in my 20's right now and I like to think I am selfish with my time. This is the age where I go after my goals before life and responsibilities get in the way. That has always been a fear of mine. That I would grow older and not have chased my dreams and be bitter about it all. But that is not the point of this post. It's a tough situation. Should we chase our dreams and put relationships on the back-burner, or follow a loved one, but sacrifice our dreams in the making? Is it simple to have both? Maybe I've watched too many episodes of One Tree Hill, but for all my fellow fans out there, let's evaluate the relationship of Nathan & Haley Scott. Nathan wanted to pursue a professional career in basketball and Haley wanted to make it as a singer. They got married in high school and soon realized making the relationship work while chasing their dreams was not what they had originally planned. Now I'm not saying love is like a CW TV series, but isn't there some truth in that? 
 Here's another thought. Does it make one selfish if they still want to chase their dreams even with a family? Life flashes by in the blink of an eye. Before you know it "later" is here, you are older, and time is running out. It sounds depressing, but it is true. Should you seek a career first, not making love a priority, and end up like the actress I mentioned in the beginning of the post? 
 When you find love, no matter when it enters your life, you should cherish it if it's worth fighting for. And the right person will help you chase your dreams. Marriage and kids is a beautiful thing. Does it make me a bad person to say that I want to tackle my goals before I settle down? I feel like when you start a life it is easy to get caught up in the hustle and bustle of your responsibilities. But doesn't this lead to resentment? You grow bitter and cold towards the ones you love because you did not accomplish what you wanted. My apologies for this post being all over the place without a clear topic, I am just writing as the thoughts roam around my mind. Relating it back to One Tree Hill, let's evaluate Dan Scott, father of Nathan, who ruined his family for the sole purpose of him not making it as a pro basketball player. His own hatred of himself flooded into his marriage and his relationship with his son. 
 I guess my main concern for this post is this: how can one do it, manage a career, chasing one's dream(s), and being able to start a family? Now I know this post probably sounds irrelevant because lots of people have done this. Here's an example from my own experience. It took my mom 6 years to finish a 2 year degree because she had to work 3 jobs to raise my brother. My mom left his dad and met mine. At the time, she hoped to pursue nursing or join the NAVY. But then she had me and all her hopes had gotten flushed down the drain. She never went back to school because she now had 2 kids at home. She has mentioned to me several times before that she does not regret having children. She is a strong believer that her life panned out the way it was supposed to. We may plan for certain things to happen, but life is in control. 
 What is more important? Career or family? Now I know this seems like an easy question to answer. You can chase your dreams until you accomplish every single one. And you feel successful for a moment. But moments are fleeting. How long will that moment of accomplishment last? We chase our dreams for years, sometimes we make it, and other times we do not. But when we do, we realize in the mean-time, we sacrificed having a relationship and starting a life. 
 It's a tricky situation. Some people find solace in their work. Others find it in their families. 
 I hope I am able to find the balance between both. 
 Until next time friends, 
 Ms. Dakota 
 Share This: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 blogger   bloggers   creativewriting   creativity   thoughts   writer   writers   writerslife   writing   writingcommunity 
 Post navigation 
 Reminder to Self: Perfection is Unobtainable 
 This Is Your Daily Reminder To Take Care Of Yourself 
 One thought on "HOW DOES ONE MANAGE A SUCCESSFUL CAREER AND FAMILY?" 
 
 dysfunctionalandmagicallife  says: 
 
 August 3, 2020 at 2:45 AM 
 I’m currently trying to balance the two …with four children 🙈 love this post - thank you for sharing . I’m really new to WordPress but it’s articles like yours I’ve been hoping to find ! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Blog Stats 
 
 3,324 Views 
 
 Follow Words By Ms. Dakota on WordPress.com 
 Social 
 
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
 
 Subscribe 
 Never miss a post again! Enter your email address to receive posts and other exclusive content directly to your inbox. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month January 2021  October 2020  August 2020  July 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020 
 
 Twitter  
 Facebook  
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
