Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail- Curbside Assistant 
 National Nutrition Ltd. 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Retail Assistant- Curbside Attendant 
 About Us 
 National Nutrition is Canada’s award winning, number one online and in-store retailer of Nutritional supplements. In 2014, 2017 and 2019 we were voted Canada’s best health food store – in large part because of the great people who work with us each day. 
 CAREER 
 Are you looking for a rewarding career? 
 National Nutrition’s mission is to exceed our customers expectations every time. No matter what your role within the organization, we all have an important role in providing great customer service. 
 We are looking for career minded individuals who enjoy and take pride in providing excellent customer service. Those who thrive on working hard in a dynamic, fast paced, changing environment. 
 We want to invest in you and your personal growth within our organization. You’ll need to bring a positive attitude, a passion for exceeding customers expectations, ambition, and motivation. 
 BENEFITS 
 National Nutrition has opportunities for all of its employees 
 *Excellent employee discounts 
 *Excellent opportunities for Career Growth 
 *Strong culture of promoting from within 
 *Education programs that offer certification- Funded by National Nutrition with mentoring to support you throughout your course. 
 *In formal Education programs for Personal/Professional Growth- Supplier webinars, online training, company seminars. 
 Position Details: 
 Location: Orillia, ON 
 Description of position: Curbside Attendant 
 Department: Retail 
 Rate of Pay: $15.00- $17.00 
 Start Date: Immediately 
 Expected Availability: Days,Evenings and Weekends 
 Core Competencies: 
 You are expected to have a command of each of the professional skills below 
 *Problem solving and enjoy a challenge 
 *Excellent interpersonal and communication skills with an approachable and friendly demeanor 
 *High energy with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment 
 *Excellent Organization skills and attention to detail 
 *Ability to work as a team and contribute to achieving the goal of superior customer service 
 *Ability to work quickly to ensure customer satisfaction 
 Responsibilities: 
 *Delivering curbside orders efficiently 
 *Accurately pick and bill curbside orders 
 *Assist drop in customers 
 *Ability to work independently 
 *Assist other departments as needed 
 Do you think you would make a great addition to our dedicated team? If so, please submit your resume and cover letter. 
 Please note, only qualified candidates will be contacted. 
 More Information 
 Careers 
http://www.nationalnutrition.ca/careers.aspx 
 What customers are saying about National Nutrition 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAlRTPSa_bI 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $15.00-$17.00 per hour 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
