Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 JUNIOR ASSISTANT MANAGER (CARREFOUR LAVAL) 
 Boutique La Vie En Rose 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 00062-Carrefour Laval, 3035, BOUL. LE CARREFOUR, LAVAL, Quebec, Canada Req #3889 
Friday, November 20, 2020 
 Founded in 1985, La Vie en Rose has distinguished itself as a Canadian leader in the field of lingerie and jerseys with more than 3,000 employees. The company has more than 230 stores across Canada, and our ultimate goal is to make you feel beautiful and comfortable in our lingerie and swimsuits and provide you with outstanding customer service. In addition, since 2006 we have entered the international market and our brand is now represented in 18 countries. 
 At La Vie en Rose, employees are the most important asset of the company. It is important for us that employees feel appreciated in their work. That's why we encourage in-house promotions and offer the best possible training to our employees so that they all develop a long and beautiful career at La Vie en Rose. 
 The Purpose of the Role 
 Under the supervision of the Store Manager, the Junior Assistant Manager is responsible for ensuring the management of the store as well as providing excellent customer service. As a member of the management team, she must support the Assistant Manager and the Store Manager in achieving the global objectives and maintaining the La Vie en Rose company standards all while motivating the team. 
 Job Description 
 Sales 
 
 Coordinate actions with the store management team so when in absence can ensure the continuity and the good functioning of store operations; 
 Greet customers, answer their questions and advise them on the technical features, advantages, quality and materials of the merchandise; 
 Train employees on best sales techniques and product knowledge; 
 Reach personal sales objectives; 
 Communicate all necessary information to the team so they can achieve the sales objectives established by the management team; 
 Follow administrative procedures and La Vie en Rose policies. 
 
 Marketing & Visual Presentation 
 
 Always be aware of the competition and the market tendency; 
 Build a regular clientele by promoting the La Vie en Rose image and brand and also by developing contacts in the retail industry; 
 Identify the type of in store clientele as well as their needs and wants; 
 Know the merchandise and the technical details of the products; 
 Coordinate the store’s merchandise to be attractive and functional by following the company’s plan-o-grams; 
 Help plan the reception of the stock and ensure that the visual set-up is done in a timely manner; 
 Participate in the management of the store’s visual image and the maintenance of the store and back store. 
 
 Human Resources 
 
 Learn how to build a strong team; recruit, prepare and train the next generation by identifying the best potential candidates for various positions; 
 Motivate the team; create a positive environment, look for excellence and develop a sense of belonging and pride to work for La Vie en Rose; pass on the La Vie en Rose mission and vision to the team; 
 Control absenteeism and tardiness; 
 Act as a role model in every situation. 
 
 Administration: 
 
 Be able to fully understand and use all functions and reports on the computer; 
 Know, understand and use the procedure manuals of various departments from Head Office; 
 Proceed to the opening and closing of the store; 
 Follow all policies and procedures of company in all areas of security and loss prevention; 
 Execute all other related jobs. 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Experience and/or strong abilities in retail management; 
 Known as a leader and motivator; 
 Effective interpersonal skills and team spirit; 
 Passion for sales, management and fashion; 
 Bilingual; 
 Result oriented and attentive to needs; 
 Proactive and diplomat; 
 Capable of working in a constantly evolving environment. 
 
 The information on this site is for information purposes only and is not intended to have legal consequences. La Vie en Rose is committed to employment equity. La Vie en Rose has put in place an adaptation process that provides accommodation for selected candidates for an interview. 
Other details 
Pay Type Hourly 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
