Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Store Manager 
 Canna Cabana 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Assistant Store Manager – Hamilton, Ontario 
 Our retail Assistant Store Manager (ASM) is vital to delivering a distinctive shopping experience. The ASM is primarily responsible for working collaboratively with the SM and company management and to manage, maintain and supervise day-to-day retail operations activities at the retail store location. 
 Key Duties & Responsibilities 
 Sales Associate Support: 
 
 Motivate and inspire team members to be positive, friendly, knowledgeable, and hardworking 
 Support SM and team members and provide positive and constructive feedback so that they grow professionally 
 Support SM and all team members on work procedures and policies so that everyone understands what's required to do a great job 
 Maintain written SOPs as changes to policy and/or regulations occur and ensure compliance among team 
 Be accessible and extremely responsive to all team member's questions, suggestions, and concerns and help resolve any team member conflicts 
 Strong ability to lead by example and work with staff to deal with any circumstances that may arise in a high volume retail store. 
 
 Sales and Customer Service: 
 
 Utilize customer and team member feedback to readily implement changes to improve the customer experience 
 Track all employee and store sales daily to ensure optimal performance 
 
 Daily Store Operations: 
 
 Maintain store compliance with all local, state and federal regulations, Organize and communicate all required reporting, paperwork, and state tracking system recording 
 Assist State and Local Government Auditors and Law Enforcement with inventory, sales, and compliance audits 
 Perform all daily opening and closing procedures 
 Ensure that the sales floor is adequately stocked at all times 
 Coordinate with management and senior leadership to perform daily/monthly/yearly inventory audits and reconciliations 
 Ensure all expired/damaged/returned product is logged and disposed of according to regulations 
 Assist in receiving and ensuring that all wholesale deliveries are compliant and accurate compared to invoices, etc. 
 Provide daily correspondence via email and manager’s log, with the team members as needed 
 Comply with all HR policies, including confidentiality and non-disclosures 
 Maintain a clean and organized work environment. 
 
 Qualifications and Requirements of an ASM: 
 
 Reporting and Information Management: must have proficiency in Microsoft Office and 
 5-6+ years of retail management experience in retail. 
 Ability to obtain Cannabis Retail Manager License from AGCO by given personal disclosure and details to AGCO within the first month of employment. 
 Experience working in Unionized environment. 
 Sound knowledge of Cannabis plants and different strains of Cannabis 
 Knowledge of standards of Cannabis Retail stores set by AGCO. 
 Knowledge of local and state laws and regulations pertaining to retail Cannabis is a must! 
 Achievement-oriented and hard working 
 Must successfully pass an extensive background check. 
 Organized, flexible, and empathetic 
 Detail-oriented and proactive 
 Excellent leadership and management skills 
 Strong time management and prioritization skills 
 Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced, high-volume environment 
 Strong communicator who can present ideas clearly 
 Strong problem solving and decision-making skills 
 Entrepreneurial, collaborative, an extremely positive attitude 
 Knowledgeable about the cannabis industry and its policies and laws 
 Ability to work nights, holidays and weekends. 
 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 retail management: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Hamilton, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Retail Store manager License from AGCO (Required) 
 Cannasell / Police Check (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
