Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 3 Home Based Jobs You Need To Consider 
 __ Dec 6 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 In the past, it was hard to find a legitimate work at home job. Many of the ads boasting remote opportunities normally turned out to be scams. 
 A lot of them required you to pay to work, which is always a red flag to watch for. But times have definitely changed and there are plenty of real jobs you can do from home. 
 There are even major  companies hiring people  to work remotely, such as Convergys and Amazon. 
 If you’re on the search for home based jobs, then you may find one of the following options attractive. 
 Let’s review them! 
 1. Sell Health and Wellness Products 
 Health is a booming industry right now, as more people are trying to lose weight, get in shape and fight disease. You can become a distributor for various companies, selling products that can help people achieve their goals. 
 If you’re good with people and don’t mind selling, then this may work for you. It wouldn’t hurt if you have sales experience as well. 
 One of the home based jobs worth mentioning is the  Kyani home business  system. The kicker with this gig is that you’re being paid to get healthy and help others do the same. 
 Everything is already put together – all you have to do is learn the system and begin selling their products. 
 2. Offer Virtual Assistant Services 
 Maybe once upon a time, you were a receptionist, clerk or  customer service rep . This means you have skills business owners can use. Your role as a virtual assistant is to perform all the same office duties, but virtually. 
 You take calls and emails on behalf of your clients. Plus, you help arrange appointments and business travels. 
 What’s great about this is you can take on as many clients as you can handle. Or you can work full-time for one well-paying employer. 
 Set up a WordPress website showcasing the services you offer and your rates (or ask visitors to call for pricing). This will give you more of a professional appearance and shows you’re legit. 
 3. Transcribe Documents for Clients 
 If you’re a fast typer, you should check out home based jobs involving transcription work. You’ll need a quiet setting where you can listen to dialogue in a headset. 
 You’ll also need a foot pedal and transcription software (which you can download for free). This will speed up the process and allow you to earn more. 
 Most clients will pay per hour transcribed, so the quicker you can write, the more you can earn. Do note that accuracy is very important, along with formatting of documents. You’ll need to have good editing/proofreading and Microsoft Office skills. 
 Find Home Based Jobs Online 
 Working from home grants you all sorts of benefits. It can free up your time to spend with family, give you more control over your finances and empower you to become your own boss. 
 There are many websites you can use to find home based jobs. Plus, you can always  advertise your services  in online classifieds. 
 If you’re looking for more tips and guides on starting your home business, then visit Working Home Guide. Here, you can find plenty of resources to get started working from home. 
 Stop by today to see what you can find! 
 Posted in  Business ,  Guides ,  Money ,  Work from Home 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
