Crimepays 
 Oregon is now a barrio of Mexico & the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 <- UPDATE! Mexican illegal arrested 2-16-2009-Girl of three Raped by Mexican Illegal Migrant Male in Newberg Oregon Neptali Sanchez-Gonzales, 
 Obama Surounds himself with H-Ib Visa supporters or traitors -> 
 Oregon Senators Wyden & Merkley Voted to give 300,000 jobs to illegals & no everify (numbersusa.com today call now ) 
 Posted on  February 5, 2009  by  occupationoforegon 
 
 Senator Merkley 's Local phone number is 503 3263386 
 Wyden Merkely Voting to give 300,000 jobs to illegals & no everify (numbersusa.com today call now ) 
 Reid the same bastard who tries to pass amnesty every year has removed e-verify from the bill but kept the clause to allow construction companies to hire foreign nationals instead of Oregonians or Legal Americans. and they are in session today and voting . you need to call go to numbersusa.com and send a free fax - they need to hear from you. the new senator merkley was for giving drunk mexicans oregon drivers license's. 
 our new senator merkley- was against stopping Illegal aliens from having drivers licenses in Oregon, so every car accident caused by an Illegal alien is his legacy. 
 
 www.numbersusa.com 
 http://www.oregonir.org/ 
 STUDY: current Senate Stimulus bill would give 300,000 construction jobs to illegal aliens (UNLESS E-VERIFY ADDED) 
 Sen. Ron Wyden 
 SH-516, United States Senate 
Washington, DC 20510 
 Your support for the stimulus package absolutely disgusts me. I find it appalling that the so-called "compromise" stimulus package does not require the use of E-Verify. I hope you realize that your actions will prevent hundreds of thousands of Americans from finding a job. 
 It is likely that this stimulus package will create millions of jobs. Unfortunately, a large portion of these jobs will go to illegal workers. This travesty could have been prevented, but you refused to support a fellow Senator's right to have a floor vote on his amendment. Sen. Sessions' SA 239 would have required localities or businesses that receive stimulus funds to use the E-Verify employment verification system. This would have prevented illegal aliens from benefiting from this taxpayer funded stimulus package. 
 Your support for this "compromise" stimulus package is positively disgraceful. I am positive that you are aware of Sen. Sessions' amendment, but you have chosen to actively oppose it. In doing so, you have seriously harmed the millions of Americans who are unemployed. 
 once again Oregon senators betray Americans. 
 An American for sovereignty, 
 P.S. I cant believe you would give 300,000 jobs to mexican illegals and let Oregonians lose their homes and jobs. we are in the top five states for unemployment and mexicans have our jobs support everify! 
 Rationale 
 
 By 
 ROy BECK Wednesday, February 4, 2009, 3:51 PM 
 
 Famed analyst Robert Rector of the Heritage Foundation has just released an estimate that the stimulus bill on the Senate floor would provide construction jobs to roughly 300,000 illegal aliens. 
 A Heritage Foundation release states that the travesty could be largely avoided if the Senate would adopt an amendment similar to one that passed the House requiring all recipients of stimulus money to use the E-Verify system. 
 Sounds crazy but that is just business as usual. 
 
 
 
 While hundreds of thousands of American construction workers are unemployed, businesses across America continue to employ illegal aliens and will be allowed to use Stimulus money to hire hundreds of thousands more illegal aliens. 
 
 
 The Chamber of Commerce and the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops are lobbying the Senate to ensure that businesses can use Stimulus money to hire illegal aliens. 
 
 
 Nearly every national Hispanic advocacy group is lobbying the Senate to ensure that illegal aliens have the same access to Stimulus jobs as unemployed Hispanic American citizens. 
 
 
 It's a crazy world. Will the Senate endorse insanity or pass an E-Verify amendment? 
 I can guarantee you that the Senate will choose insanity and the outlaw businesses that hire illegal aliens instead of unemployed Americans -- unless you contact your Senators and let them know that you know they have a choice. 
 Sen Jeff Sessions of Alabama now seems resolute in trying to force a vote on an amendment that would require local governments and businesses getting stimulus money to use E verify to ensure that the jobs go to U.S. citizens and to authorized immigrants already here. 
 www.numbersusa.com  find out how to take easy actions to keep these construction jobs in the hands of American workers. 
 Tell them about the ad that is running every day on national cable TV. 
 KEY POINTS OF THE CONSTRUCTION JOB ANALYSIS 
 The key points of Rector's analysis are these: 
 No. 1: If enacted, the Senate stimulus bill would fund over $100 billion in new government construction projects with the goal of providing additional jobs to unemployed Americans. 
 No. 2: Government estimates show that under current verification procedures, about one out of every seven persons hired to work in construction is an illegal alien. 
 No. 3: The Senate bill would provide roughly $104 billion in funding for a variety of construction projects. Normal government estimates indicate that each $1 billion spent on construction will create around 19,500 construction jobs, each lasting a year. Thus, $104 billion in funding in construction projects would ostensibly create construction-related jobs for about 2.04 million workers over several years. 
 No. 4: If the stimulus bill does not have additional requirements for verification, the normal ratio of illegal alien hiring will prevail. Applying the one in seven ratio to 2.04 million results in about 300,000 of those jobs going to illegal aliens. 
 The Heritage release states: 
 
 
 … if the current Senate bill were to become law without language requiring contractor use of E-Verify, the inevitable result would be billions in federal funds spent to employ illegal immigrants. 
 E-Verify is a very effective mechanism for determining the legal status of potential workers. E-Verify is inexpensive for employers to use, costing between $4 and $20 for each employee screened. E-Verify is in wide use; currently about one in 10 new hires in the U.S. economy are screened through the E-Verify system. 
 
 I don't care how callous your Senator normally is against American workers, he/she may have a hard time voting against them if you make it clear that a vote against Sen. Sessions' E-Verify amendment is a vote to use your Stimulus money to hire 300,000 illegal-alien construction workers and to leave 300,000 unemployed Americans still jobless. 
 ROY BECK is Founder & CEO 
 http://stoptheinvasionoforegon.wordpress.com/2009/02/05/current-senate-stimulus-bill-would-give-300000-construction-jobs-to-illegal-aliens-unless-e-verify-added/ 
 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  000 construction jobs to illegal aliens (UNLESS E-VERIFY ADDED ,  STUDY: current Senate Stimulus bill would give 300 ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  000 jobs to illegals & no everify (numbersusa.com today call now ) ,  e-verify and senate bill and numbersusa.com ,  E-Verify is a very effective mechanism for determining the legal status of potential workers. ,  E-Verify is inexpensive for employers to use ,  make it clear that a vote against Sen. Sessions' E-Verify amendment is a vote to use your Stimulus money to hire 300 ,  Nearly every national Hispanic advocacy group is lobbying the Senate to ensure that illegal aliens have the same access to Stimulus jobs as unemployed Hispanic American citizens ,  numbersusa.com and stimulus bill would allow illegal aliens to get thousands of constuction jobs ,  Oregon Senators Wyden & Merkley Voted to give 300 ,  ROY BECK ,  STUDY: current Senate Stimulus bill would give 300 ,  The Chamber of Commerce and the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops are lobbying the Senate to ensure that businesses can use Stimulus money to hire illegal aliens ,  the Senate will choose insanity and the outlaw businesses that hire illegal aliens instead of unemployed Americans -- unless you contact your Senators and let them know that you know they have a choic ,  Will the Senate endorse insanity or pass an E-Verify amendment . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- UPDATE! Mexican illegal arrested 2-16-2009-Girl of three Raped by Mexican Illegal Migrant Male in Newberg Oregon Neptali Sanchez-Gonzales, 
 Obama Surounds himself with H-Ib Visa supporters or traitors -> 
 2 Responses to  Oregon Senators Wyden & Merkley Voted to give 300,000 jobs to illegals & no everify (numbersusa.com today call now ) 
 
 
 Pingback:  Senate Shafted the American People today by refusing to include E-verify « Stoptheinvasionoforegon's Blog 
 
 
 Margie says: 
 
 
  June 24, 2009 at 4:16 am 
 We like your site. Frustrated with this city. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 map 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 
 
 moon phases 
 
 
 
 moon cycles 
 
 
 
 Stop the Invasion of the United States 
 
 
 anchor babies   anchor babies birthright citizenship   Barack the Magic Negro   blacks riot loot   crime victims of illegal aliens   everify   media cover up of the invasion of illegals   mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon   mexican crime   mexican criminals in oregon   mexican Humor   mexican rape in oregon   Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI   Mexican Rapists   Mexicans are dangerous in Oregon as drivers   mexicans are robbing in oregon instead of leaving   Mexican Scum in Oregon   mex trash files   Obama   Ron Wyden loves mexican criminals   ron wyden supports mexican criminals and has an F on immigration   Salem Oregon: Capital and Center of Mexican Crime   Sanctuary cities- crime pays for illegals in oregon   sanctuary cities promote crime by illegal aliens   sharpie eyebrows & Portland oregon hispanic female criminal   sharpie eyebrows of mexi-trash females   ugly immigrants   Uncategorized   Woodburn Oregon= Mexico   Wyden and Merkley prefer Illegal aliens 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Drunk Criminal Speeding Illega… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Hillsboro Oregon Illegal Mexic… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Luis Arcos-Cardenas Drunk Ille… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Arrested 1995 Fugitive Mexican… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Murder! Juanita Rosales-Garcia… 
 
 
 
 Phillip on  Race Wars America: Three Black… 
 
 
 
 Bill Bratton on  UPdate Head of Black Panthers… 
 
 
 
 whitefaggots on  Hate Crime Conviction against… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Janet on  Julio Cesar Marquez Dead Ancho… 
 
 
 
 
 celtcalgal  on  California . Hospitals Spend $… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 gemjunior on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 * February 2009 F 
 S 
 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 
 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 
 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 
 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 
 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 
 « Jan   Mar » 
 
 
   Unknown Feed 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Nicholas Stix 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 151,427 hits 
 
 
 
 
 
 americans second class citizens in USA 
 anchor babies 
 anchor babies and visa overstays 
 and the invasion from mexico 
 border invasion 
 border with Mexico 
 Boycott Goodwill Operation Payback 
 Breaking News 
 California Meltdown Hispanically Speaking 
 call ICE 
 censored 
 censorship 
 chain immigration 
 Community Alliance of Tenants 
 cost of illegal aliens 
 cost of illegal mexicans in oregon 
 cost of the invasion of the US 
 Crime 
 crime pays for mexicans 
 crime victims of illegal aliens 
 criminal trespass 
 deport mexicans 
 Deport Report Carlos Reynaud & Boycott Goodwill Part Two Mexican Book Mafia at Goodwill 
 Deport Ron Wyden 
 End Birthright Citizenship 
 everett goodwill outlet store 
 faced Death Threats from those who support Open borders and Anarchy: Liberals 
 Fake Social Security Numbers 
 hate crimes against whites 
 hispanic crime 
 hispanic crime surge 
 hispanic crime surge in oregon 
 Hispanic family values 
 hispanic surge in oregon 
 Illegal aliens 
 Illegal Aliens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans 
 Illegal Carlos and his Learn English Books For Sale 
 immigration 
 immigration costs 
 invasion of the us 
 job theft by foreign nationals 
 Majority of Americans Oppose Birthright citizenship: Birth Tourism: Anchor Babies 
 mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon 
 mexican crime in oregon 
 mexican criminal females and sharpie eyebrows 
 mexican criminals 
 Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Mexican Drug cartel takes over United states 
 mexican drug dealers in oregon 
 mexican jokes 
 Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI 
 Mexican Scum in Oregon 
 monsters 
 Ms-13 Honduran Book Mafia takes over Goodwill and Amazon.com 
 No amnesty 
 no more anchor babies stop birthright citizenship 
 Numbersusa 
 numbersusa.com and anchor babies and breeders in oregon 
 obama's pathway to citzenship and amnesty for illegal mexicans 
 obama sucks 
 open borders adovcates 
 Oregon is a sanctuary state for criminals 
 population displacement by immigrants 
 Portland Police 
 sanctuary cities 
 senator Ron Wyden loves illegal aliens and mexican criminals named lopez 
 spanish only in usa 
 Stop all immigration for ten years 
 The management of Seattle Goodwill is dishonest 
 ugly immigrants 
 ugly mexicans 
 use everify 
 Warning! Cuidado! Use this form to send Illegal mexicans Home 
 Will Brad Witt be the Traitor David Wu is on Immigration ? 
 www.numbersusa.com 
 
 
 
  Crimepays  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
