Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Take Your Career to the Next Level by Getting Certified 
 Allen Carlwood    22nd November    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Take%20Your%20Career%20to%20the%20Next%20Level%20by%20Getting%20Certified%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Ftake-your-career-to-the-next-level-by-getting-certified%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Getting a higher credential in practically any field of work is almost always a good thing. Getting a certification creates a level of trust between you and other people. From an employer's perspective, the fact that you have some type of credential from a reputable organization means that you can be trusted and makes you more likely to get hired. From a client's side of things, seeing that you have a degree or certification by your name can give them assurance that you have a certain level of competence, knowledge-base and can get the job done. While it might be a bit of an investment upfront in both time and money, the right certification can make a world of difference over the life of your career. Below is a list of some credentials for a variety of careers that can help you succeed. 
 1. CPA License 
 If you are an accountant or perhaps thinking about becoming one eventually, a CPA license is a great way to accelerate your career. Getting your CPA license means that you have obtained the profession's highest standard of competence. While passing the CPA exam might seem daunting, it is definitely possible with the proper  CPA study materials  and is well worth the effort. 
 By getting the skills needed to  beat the CPA exam , you create a level of trust with your employers and customers. Because you have met the requirement of an objective process, those around you know they can trust you as well. If you are in accounting, or perhaps looking to join that career field, getting your CPA license is something you should certainly consider. 
 2. Lawyer Specialty Certifications 
 If you are currently a lawyer, or you are looking to become one, thinking about getting certified in a specialty may be the way to go. This is a great option for lawyers who like practicing law but want to focus in on one specific area due to interest or financial reasons.  According to this article from NELF , the requirements for a certificate of specialization can be a bit stringent, but it may be well worth it for your career. 
 3. BBA or MBA 
 If you are in business, specifically business administration, then getting a BBA or  getting your MBA  could be a great option for you. While not absolutely necessary, getting a degree in business administration, whether a bachelors or masters, can greatly help you by increasing your knowledge on the subject and also increase your chances of getting hired. Having a degree in the subject can also help produce trust in your clients. While getting a degree is an investment in time, money and energy, it can help get you a higher salary in your field, which in the long run of your career can more than pay back the investment you have made. If you are in the business administration field, getting a degree in the area is certainly something you should consider. 
 4. Medical Certifications 
 If you are looking to start work in health care and the medical field, getting certified in different areas can be a great way to enhance and advance your career.  According to this article , there are many career paths available for someone who wants to work in healthcare without necessarily needing a degree in the field. Careers such as CNAs, EMTs and Medical Assistants are all ones that typically require some type of certification. Getting certified in these areas, or getting higher levels of certification within the fields themselves, can often lead to a pay increase and more opportunities. 
 In the end, many times getting a certification or credential is about creating trust and ensuring a level of competence in your work. By completing the training and earning a diploma or certification, you are setting yourself up for success in your career. While they can at times be quite an investment, the right certification will almost always pay off in the end and can help take you to the next level. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Use LinkedIn to Find a New Job  
  _ _     How to Get Your Employees to Really Tell You What They Think  
  _ _     8 Tips for Closing Gaps in Your Resume  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
