  
   
 AMY LOU 
 Born to care. 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Google Plus 
 Github 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Menu 
 Widgets 
 Search 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Amy 
 Contact 
 
 Search for: 
 Good but old :) 
 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 
 What is nursing life all about? 
   
   
   
 CHAT AVAILABILITY 
 3552 Lafayette Avenue 
Oceanside, NY 11572 
 Morning: 9-12nn 
Afternoon: 1-5pm 
 Recent Posts: AMY LOU 
 Job duties of Certified Nursing Assistants 
 Relationship Between Nurses and CNAs 
 
 Search for: 
 Job duties of Certified Nursing Assistants 
 April 7, 2016 Amy Lou 
 Being a Certified Nursing Assistant can be a very demanding but also quite rewarding job! But one has to wonder, which are the job duties of Certified Nursing Assistant and how can they help the local community? Read onward to find that out! 
 The main role of a Certified Nursing Assistant is the offer basic care to patients but at the same time he/she will also have to assist the patients in their day to day activities such as bathing for example. If you want to be a CNA, then one of the most important traits you need to have is to enjoy helping others and to be compassionate. There are many situations in which a CNA will be the main caregiver for a patient, so he/she needs to fully understand the needs and demands of the patient in order to deliver a stellar care. 
 Aside from that, Certified Nursing Assistants also tend to work with medical technology so they need to have a good understanding of how that technology works and how it can be used to deliver the best possible results. Things like billing software, medical record charting software or health information software are widely used by a CNA, so he/she needs to learn how to use them properly in order to deliver the best care and results. 
 There are situation when a Certified Nursing Assistant will offer medication to patients, but most of the time this is attributed to a CNA that has a lot of experience in the sector, not to mention that sometimes there are also some state regulations to keep in mind in this regard as well. 
 A Certified Nursing Assistant will report to license vocational nurses, license practical or registered nurses. Because of that, the CNA is required to have incredible communication skills. 
 Tasks that need to be performed by a Certified Nursing Assistant: 
 
 Clean the bed sheets and restock the patient room with supplies 
 Sanitize the patient areas 
 Answer phone calls for the patient 
 See if the patient has wounds or injuries 
 Lift patients to the bed or wheelchair 
 Monitor the vital signs of the patient 
 Serve meals to the patient 
 Collect treatment info and share it with the doctor 
 Offer and empty bed pans 
 Dress and bathe patients that are unable to do so on their own 
 Act as a middle man when it comes to communicating patient needs to the doctor 
 Transporting patients to operating rooms 
 Setting up operating equipment upon request 
 
 While there are situations in which being a Certified Nursing Assistant might not be that easy, this job does come with an incredible satisfaction and truly extraordinary results. It’s one of the most appealing and exciting jobs for new professionals in the industry and it can definitely bring in front outstanding experiences for both the CNA and his/her patients. If you care about the life of others and you enjoy nurturing people in need of help, then being a Certified Nursing Assistant and it’s a good idea to become one right away, you will certainly enjoy the experience! 
 Find additional nursing  resources here . 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 assistant blog job duties nurse nursing 
 Post navigation 
 <- 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
