Skip to content 
 
 Pos+Ability 
 Positive about YOUR ability 
 Menu 
 
 About Us  
 
 Who We Are 
 How We Can Help You 
 In The News 
 Our Partnerships 
 
 
 Our Sessions  
 
 Where To Find Us 
 Benefits 
 Testimonials 
 Photo Gallery 
 
 
 Get Involved  
 
 Volunteering Opportunities 
 Job Opportunities 
 Events and Fundraising 
 
 
 Support Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 Job Opportunities 
 EXERCISE SUPPORT ASSISTANT 
 Part Time Exercise Support Assistant 
 £8.45 per hour 
 Pos+Ability is a registered charity that run chair-based exercise groups for people living with all kinds of long-term illnesses, including, but not limited to, Stroke, Parkinson’s, Neurological Conditions, Multiple Sclerosis and Muscular Dystrophy. 
 As an Exercise Support Assistant you will be required to work with Instructors to support our clients who have long term illnesses. 
 You should feel comfortable working in both groups and 1:1 situations. 
 We are looking for people who are enthusiastic and willing to get involved in leading small discussion groups, games and quizzes. 
 We treat all our clients as individuals to ensure their needs are met. You will be required to be inspirational and creative with the ability to improvise to meet our client’s requirements. 
 This role requires physical assistance, but above all you should be patient, understanding and encouraging. 
 We run classes in Ely, Histon, Littleport and Soham. 
 We are looking for someone to work 5 hours per week to help support our Ely sessions on a Thursday. There may be opportunities for additional hours. 
 DBS checks and basic training will be undertaken. 
 To apply please send your CV and covering letter stating why you think you are suitable for the above role to posability3@gmail.com 
 Previous applicants need not apply. 
 For more information about our work take a look at our website:  http://www.posability.org  or find us on Facebook – Pos+Ability. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
 search previous next tag category expand menu location phone mail time cart zoom edit close 
