
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 UI Designer. Chief. New York, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 About Chief: 
Chief’s mission is to build the most powerful network focused on connecting and supporting female leaders. With members who are at the C-Level or are rising VP’s, Chief is the only organization designed for women seated at the table. Read about us in Fortune, Fast Company, and CNN. Launched in early 2019, Chief is headquartered in New York City and backed by Primary Ventures, Flybridge Capital, and other top-tier investors. 
 About the Role: 
Chief is looking for a UI Designer to join our growing team. This role is a critical hire that will work directly with product and engineering to scale our digital platform across web and mobile. Reporting into our Lead Designer, this role will be responsible for transforming member insights into delightful and innovative product experiences that drive business results and member satisfaction. 
 Responsibilities 
- Work iteratively to design, refine, and validate solutions. 
- Develop and maintain detailed user-interface specifications, working closely with developers to see your design through to deployment 
- Produce documentation to ensure your designs are well understood by stakeholders and detailed enough for efficient development. You ensure that you have accounted for variations across a wide variety of devices and platforms, handled error conditions and edge cases, and defined usable, elegant micro-interactions 
- Earn trust with technical credibility, pragmatic decision making, and strong follow-through working with cross-functional teams 
 What We’re Looking For: 
- 2-3 years of experience as a User Interface Designer 
- A deep working knowledge of design tool, Figma 
- A strong understanding of typography and systems and how to apply them programmatically 
- A well-documented online portfolio of work demonstrating experience crafting user-centered design solutions 
- Proven ability to take defined customer and business goals and translate them into effective design solutions. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7667-chief-ui-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Skills 
 Design, Digital, Figma, Low / High Fidelity Prototyping, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 November 6, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Kinney Sheth 
 Perks 
 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Images 
 
 [ 
 
 View Image 
 ](https://res.cloudinary.com/wnotw/image/upload/c_limit,w_700,q_auto:eco,f_auto/v1604691707/inkcv0hmy5flnrgqcl1a "View Image") 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
