Search 
 Search for: 
 
  My Jobless Life  
 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 About 
 
 Open Search 
 My Jobless Life 
 This blog is about me and the life I have to make work without being in traditional employment. I am a very hard-working Capricorn who takes life extremely seriously but unfortunately I am not cut from the material that makes for a good employee. I am not good at routine, I don't like being supervised, I feel that my contribution is worth much more than the salary most jobs offer and worst of all I express these things freely to my employers. Therefore, no job for me. 
 Instead of struggling to shape employment to fit me I decided in 2009 to strike out on my own. I knew that it would not be easy living a life where I would be responsible for generating my own income and making every decision related to how it would happen and then executing those decisions. I never knew it would be as hard as it has been and I didn't realise that owning my life could feel as good as it does. 
 I've been the owner of a domestic service, a laundry and an art shop and the first 2 businesses I closed because my heart was not in it and the last went bust, much to my great disappointment. Now finally, after so much learning and failure I have found the work that I believe I was born to do. Writing. 
 I have yet to get my writing to the point where I get paid as much money for doing it as I would like and this blog treks my journey to that point. Unlike most writers I don't just want to have a successful book or writing career, I am establishing an online publishing company. Very daunting, because I am new to writing and I am not the most tech-savvy person that you will meet. 
 Often I am broke, and sometimes I have to do work that has nothing to do with being a writer to ensure that I keep body and soul together. But I love the freedom and I love having the time to actually live my life. 
 So here's to My Jobless Life! 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 __ 
 Netta 
  __Author archive    __Author website 
 __July 14, 2015 
 __ CAREER ,  SELF EMPLOYMENT 
 __ CAREER ,  SELF EMPLOYMENT 
  Next post  
 2 thoughts on "My Jobless Life" 
 Add yours 
 
 Pinky Sizane 
 
 July 14, 2015 at 4:58 pm 
 Reply 
 You go girl,fully behind you… 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 swajithkas 
 
 July 14, 2015 at 5:42 pm 
 Reply 
 Netta, 
First of all thanks a lot for sharing the link of your new blog. 
I am in sweet confusion because you have offered me two most wonderful blog,so, now, I am in sweet confusion that which blog I like most, I like your both the blogs but honestly speaking this blog appealed me a lot and I immediately subscribed to it. 
I truly appreciate your courage to take such a bold decision and slowly but very steadily through your hard work and commitment you are creating your own destiny. 
Yes,I will not give you false hope, the path you choose is a little bit difficult but not impossible as long as you you will keep your hope and faith alive. 
Before you many people traveled through this path and statistics suggests that most of them are successful and many of them were less talented and gifted than you,so, I do not think any chances of failure. 
This post is wake up call for me, because, I am also lost my path, this post certainly reminded me many things. 
Wishing you all the best. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And life keeps moving on 
 We aren't we 
 Humans of the future 
 Black Souls in White Skins? 
 Naysayers & Dream killers 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Pat  on  We aren't we 
 
 
 
 
 
 Netta  on  Preserving the heritage of Pro… 
 
 
 
 Casey  on  Preserving the heritage of Pro… 
 
 
 
 cupcakenism  on  DON'T BE AFRAID OF GROWI… 
 
 
 
 Netta  on  Preserving the heritage of Pro… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 ABOUT LIFE 
 BLACK CONSCIOUSNESS 
 BUSINESS 
 CAREER 
 CREATIVITY 
 ECONOMICS 
 FAMILY 
 FREELANCING 
 GARDEN 
 LIFESTYLE 
 OPINIONS 
 SELF EMPLOYMENT 
 Uncategorized 
 WRITING 
 
 Blogging University 
 
 Social 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Up ↑ 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
