Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Video journalist 
 Rogers Communications 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 At Rogers, we connect Canadians to a world of possibilities and the memorable moments that matter most in their lives. Every day we wake up with one purpose in mind. To bring loved ones together from across the globe. To connect people to each other and the world around them. To help an entrepreneur realize her dream. A sports fan celebrate a special moment. 
 Because we believe connections unite us, possibilities fuels us, and moments define us. 
 Part Time Journalist Position: 
CityNews Montreal is looking for an experienced Journalist for a part time position. As an experienced News professional, you know what content our viewers want and how to deliver compelling stories. As a proven innovator, you know how to emphasize creativity over tradition. You should be capable of using traditional and non-traditional mediums to tell a story. 
 Responsibilities: 
Gathers and verifies factual information regarding stories through interview, observation, and research 
Organizes material and writes engaging, relevant and concise news stories under tight deadlines according to prescribed editorial style and format standards 
Generates compelling story ideas and knowledgeable contacts and responds to breaking news situations quickly and accurately 
Host the newscast live either in the newsroom or out in the field. 
Be an editorial leader in the newsroom, help produce newscasts and coordinate coverage with our partners 
Be ready to fill in for the Supervising Producer as needed 
Be fluent in social media trends with a personal Twitter account and the knowledge to use it to generate stories and ideas 
Be ready to post CityNews content to your website and social media channels 
 Qualifications: 
A person who truly understands multi-platform coverage and does not feel bound by the confines of a typical television reporter package 
Proven editorial leadership, knows what it takes to put a newscast to air. 
Solid writing skills, knows how to write to pictures and how to use sound to deliver quality content. 
Excellent knowledge of the cultural and political landscape of the city 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills 
Proven ability to work well in a team environment 
Ability to be flexible in a changing work environment 
Must be available to work evenings and weekends 
Must have a clean driving record and valid license 
Must be bilingual 
Experience operating a video camera and editing is an asset. 
Must be able to multi-task and deliver under tight deadlines 
 Schedule:  Part time 
 Shift:  Variable 
 Length of Contract:  Not Applicable (Regular Position) 
 Work Location:  1200, avenue McGill College (179), Montreal, QC 
 Travel Requirements:  Up to 10% 
 Posting Category/Function:  Broadcasting & On-Air Talent 
 Requisition ID:  169489 
 Together, we'll make more possible, and these six shared values guide and define our work: 
 Our people are at the heart of our success 
Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do 
We do what’s right, each and every day 
We believe in the power of new ideas 
We work as one team, with one vision 
We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
 What makes us different makes us stronger. Rogers has a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion. Everyone who applies for a job will be considered. We recognize the business value in creating a workplace where each team member has the tools to reach their full potential. At Rogers, we value the insights and innovation that diverse teams bring to work. We work with our candidates with disabilities throughout the recruitment process to ensure that they have what they need to be at their best. Please reach out to our recruiters and hiring managers to begin a conversation about how we can ensure that you deliver your best work. You matter to us! For any questions, please visit the Rogers FAQ. 
 Posting Notes:  [[req_strategyPage]] 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
