
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Ledger Investing (W17) 
 Marketplace for insurance securitization. 
 Product Lead, UX/Apps 
 $160k - $200k • 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Ledger Investing 
 Join a phenomenal team on a journey to radically change our economy by bringing a new market to life: Insurance as an asset class. 
 With $5 trillion of insurance capital worldwide, we believe there should be a way to invest in insurance risk. That is the reason why we are building technologies that will help transact billions of dollars of this new asset class. 
 Challenge accepted? Email us at  [email protected] 
 Ledger Investing, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer. 
 About the role 
 Join a phenomenal team on a journey to radically change our economy by bringing a new market to life: Insurance as an asset class. Our substantive goal is to craft economic change. With $5 trillion of insurance capital worldwide, we believe there should be a way to invest in insurance risk. That is the reason why we are building technologies that will help transact billions of dollars of this new asset class — and we think that achieving this is a problem rooted not just in finance, but in creativity of code and design. 
 At Ledger, you will 
 
 Lead the effort for the development of new or existing Software applications. 
 Iterate with the sales team to develop the product roadmap and strategy to come up with product features with high added value. 
 Define usage and success metrics of a product from inception. 
 Communicate product strategy to engineering, design, data science, sales and leadership. 
 Make sure collaboration happens and that people understand the objectives to deliver their part in time 
 Introduce a disciplined approach to product development that enables us to build, iterate, ship and maintain. 
 Work directly with a designer and small engineering team to deliver high quality products (problem-focused, great usability and delightful visual design). 
 Prioritize and leverage company resources to their maximum potential. 
 Work on a highly skilled and experienced fully-remote team. 
 
 You may be a good fit if you have 
 
 5+ years of product management experience. 
 Strong user empathy and understanding of best in class UX and UI design. 
 The desire to continuously improve shipped products even if it means deprecating a feature or starting from scratch. 
 Talent for unlocking and enabling teams to work at peak performance. 
 Exceptional written and verbal communication skills with a talent for precise articulations of customer problems. 
 The ability to work with incomplete, conflicting, or ambiguous inputs and turn them into solid action plans. 
 Have led a product team through significant growth. 
 Experience working on, or even leading, a remote team. 
 Experience growing a product team and mentoring future product managers. 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Generous Salary and possible Equity compensation 
 Fully remote - You can work from anywhere 
 $5000 paid by Ledger towards laptop, monitor, desk and peripherals! 
 401k 
 Healthcare Insurance premium participation 
 Gym membership 
 Flexible vacation policy, paternity and maternity leave 
 
 We’re an equal opportunity employer and comply with all applicable federal, state, and local fair employment practices laws. We strictly prohibit and do not tolerate discrimination against employees, applicants, or any other covered persons because of race, color, religion, creed, national origin or ancestry, ethnicity, sex, gender (including gender nonconformity and status as a transgender or transsexual individual), sexual orientation, marital status, age, physical or mental disability, citizenship, past, current or prospective service in the uniformed services, predisposing genetic characteristic, domestic violence victim status, arrest records, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state or local law. 
 Technology 
 React, D3, Python, Django, Postgres, R, Firebase 
 Other jobs at Ledger Investing 
 Product Lead, UX/Apps 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $160k - $200k 
 6+ years 
 Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $110k - $180k 
 3+ years 
 Designer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 UI / UX 
 $80k - $130k 
 0.10% - 0.50% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
