
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Research Associate Materials Science and Data Analytics 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Research Associate Materials Science and Data Analytics 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Research%20Associate%20Materials%20Science%20and%20Data%20Analytics&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14013417/research-associate-materials-science-and-data-analytics/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 October 18, 2020 
 Location: 
 Upton, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Why Work at BNL? 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory (www.bnl.gov) delivers discovery science and transformative technology to power and secure the nation's future. Brookhaven Lab is a multidisciplinary laboratory with seven Nobel Prize-winning discoveries, 37 R&D; 100 Awards, and more than 70 years of pioneering research. The Lab is primarily supported by the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Office of Science. Brookhaven Science Associates (BSA) operates and manages the Laboratory for DOE. BSA is a partnership between Battelle and The Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University. 
 Organizational Overview 
 The CFN is a DOE-funded national scientific user facility, offering users a supported research experience with top-caliber scientists and access to state-of-the-art instrumentation. The CFN mission is advancing nanoscience through frontier fundamental research and technique development, and is the nexus of a broad collaboration network. Each year, CFN staff members support the research of nearly 600 external facility users. 
 Three strategic nanoscience themes underlie the CFN scientific facilities: The CFN fosters research on complex self-assembly processes, for building new ways of constructing  Synthesis by   Nanomaterial Assembly  . The CFN researches and applies platforms for state-of-the-art techniques for  Accelerated Nanomaterial Discovery  for target structure and functionality. The CFN develops and utilizes advanced capabilities for studies of  Nanomaterials in Operando Conditions  for characterizing materials and reactions at the atomic scale in real-world environments. 
 Position Description 
 The CFN is seeking an exceptional Postdoctoral Research Associate to contribute to a multidisciplinary project involving several DOE user facilities, focusing on accelerating materials discovery from complex multi-modal experimental and simulated data set through application of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning techniques (AI/ML) . In this position, you will employ software engineering, machine learning methods, and modelling to develop data processing and interpretation pipelines for handling the streamed data from a suite of  in situ / operando  experimental facilities. As a first implementation, you will apply these methods for processing and interpreting data from X-ray spectroscopy measurements. You will use the data pipelines you develop to condition the data, extract valuable scientific information and provide real-time feedback to the experiment. In this research, you will work on data analytics closely coupled with  in situ / operando  experiments under the supervision of Xiaohui Qu, in close collaboration with researchers at the National Synchrotron Light Source II, CFN, and the Brookhaven Computational Science Initiative. 
 Position Requirements 
 Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities 
 You are qualified for this Research Associate position if: 
 
 You have earned a Ph.D. in a relevant discipline (Materials Science, Physics, Chemistry, or a related engineering discipline) within the past five years or will complete your degree prior to the starting date; 
 You have a strong background in machine learning model training with applications to domain science problems; 
 You have demonstrated experience of software development and/or data analytics through publications, GitHub repository records, or other public communication; 
 You are committed to fostering an environment of safe scientific work practices. 
 
 **Preferred Knowledge, Skills and Abilities 
** 
You are well-matched to this position if: 
 
 You have experience with non-SQL database architecture, e.g. MongoDB, Redis. 
 You work effectively in aninterdisciplinary team to tackle challenging scientific problems, particularly the application of data analytics to understand experimental results; 
 You have working knowledge of spectroscopic data processing and deep learning methods; 
 You are interested in learning state-of-the-art deep learning and data analytics advances; 
 You communicate effectively, verbally and in writing. 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory and the Energy and Photon Sciences Directorate are committed to your success. We offer a supportive work e nvironment and the resources necessary for you to succeed. 
 At Brookhaven National Laboratory, we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes, but is not limited to: 
 
 Medical, Dental, and Vision Care Plans 
 Flexible Spending Accounts 
 Paid Time-off and Leave Programs (vacation, holidays, sick leave, paid parental leave) 
 401(k) Plan 
 Flexible Work Arrangements 
 Tuition Assistance, Training and Professional Development Programs 
 Employee Fitness/Wellness & Recreation: Gym/Basketball Courts, Weight Room, Fitness Classes, Indoor Pool, Tennis Courts, Sports Clubs/Activities (Basketball, Ping Pong, Softball, Tennis) 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is an equal opportunity employer that values inclusion and diversity at our Lab. We are committed to ensuring that all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
 BNL takes affirmative action in support of its policy and to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 *VEVRAA Federal Contractor 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2367 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science—from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Connections working at Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Fellow (Modeling & Simulation) 
 __  Berkeley, 
 
 
 
 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 __Today 
 
 
 Scientific Engineering Associate (Building Technology) 
 __  Berkeley, 
 
 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Software Engineer 
 __  Baltimore, Maryland 
 
 
 Johns Hopkins University 
 __2 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
