Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 rTMS Technician 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Energy of the City. The Rewards of a Great Career. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Western Hospital, Toronto General Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, Toronto Rehabilitation Institute and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 POSITION: 
The Poul Hansen Family Centre for Depression is a comprehensive program that offers holistic care in one Centre to individuals with mood disorders. As an integral member of Centre for Depression team, the rTMS Technician administers repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment to patients of the Centre, as prescribed by a Centre for Depression physician; monitors patient for side effects; communicates with other members of the interprofessional care team regarding patient treatment progress, safety, and side effects; and connects the patients to care team members, as appropriate. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Completion of a 2-year Community College program in social sciences, clinical or related health care program, or recognized equivalent required. 
Previous experience in rTMS, other brain stimulation treatments, or mental health interventions is considered an asset. 
A minimum of 1-2 years practical and related experience. 
Demonstrated experience supporting patients in a health/mental health care setting. 
General understanding of mood disorders. 
Demonstrated experience working collaboratively in a diverse setting. 
Excellent problem recognition and problem-solving skills. 
Effective organizational, time management and prioritization skills. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Knowledge of PHIPPA and confidentiality. 
Committed to patient-centred care. 
Ability to work independently and as a team member. 
Ability to work effectively and accurately under stressful conditions. 
 POSTED DATE:  November 19, 2020 CLOSING DATE: Until filled 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
