WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement 
 
 Home 
 Job Offer 
 Factors to Consider When Choosing Whether to Accept a Job Offer 
 Some Employers Really Act Stupid (and Some Tips on How to Decide Between Multiple Job Offers) 
 
 
 Some Employers Really Act Stupid (and Some Tips on How to Decide Between Multiple Job Offers) 
 As a career coach, I’m often asked to help job seekers evaluate more than one  job offer  that they’ve received within a short time period. Such a phenomenon is happening more often than logic would bear: a job seeker searches for months and months without luck, and then all of a sudden, he receives multiple job offers almost simultaneously. 
 In today’s inflationary job market, too many qualified applicants are chasing too few openings. Employers know that, and as a result, some of them treat applicants unfairly and unethically. I’ve seen it go to such extremes that job seekers get truly abused and suffer embarrassment and humiliation. But those who find themselves in such circumstances keep good memories of such abuse and sometimes take revenge … 
 I’m currently working with a client who had earlier been in a protracted transition. Because he was older than 50, he experienced  age discrimination  when competing against younger candidates. After several months of fruitless attempts at job search, he received a few invitations for initial  phone-  and  video-screening interviews  that indeed culminated in a series of in-person interviews. Some of the interviews were one-on-one and others were  panel interviews . The offer of one of the positions had come from an outside recruiter, and the application and interview process was lengthy, cumbersome, arduous, and often impersonal. During several weeks of assiduous preparation and emotionally tense anticipation, the fellow happened to receive several more opportunities to interview with other companies. 
 The first company—after investing a significant amount of management time and actual money to reimburse the candidate for travel expenses—extended him an offer. The offer was fair but not generous despite the fact that the company knew that in his previous positions, he’d had a better compensation package. My client accepted the offer and felt very content to be reemployed. Paychecks kept coming, the work was interesting, his colleagues seemed friendly, and he received extensive training because the job was technical. In fact, he was sent out of state for a week of training. Such was the situation for about eight weeks. 
 One morning a recruiter called him. It was the same recruiter who’d sent him to other interviews and was at last ready to make my client an offer. The offer consisted of a marginally improved compensation package, and the commute would be slightly shorter. That’s when I received a call from my frustrated client: he needed an outsider to help him decide what to do. 
 For such situations, which are more common than we might think, I developed a detailed work sheet I have my clients fill out. It’s a half-hour exercise in which they write down the advantages and disadvantages of two or more competing job offers. The specific requirements are that the first time around, they compare the positions based only on sheer facts and logic, and the second time around, they do the same but drop the logic and think only about emotional aspects—namely, gut feelings. Once the entire exercise is completed, the right answer is easy because everything’s been laid out. 
 When my client did that exercise to evaluate both job offers from the emotional perspective, all of the bitterness he’d accumulated against the first company that had put him through hell before offering him the job surfaced loud and clear. At that point, he told me, the decision was easy: he resigned and took the second offer. To some extent, he said, it was out of vengeance. And that I can understand. 
 by  Alex Freund 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Current  [email protected]  * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Other Resources 
 
 Human Resources 
 Freelancing 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles About Human Resources 
 
 Fix the Problem Before It Occurs: Hire the Right Candidate 
 Keeping Your Employees Motivated For Increased Productivity 
 Benefits of Employment Testing 
 Strategies for Employee Retention 
 Productivity Not an Indicator of Employee Engagement 
 Some Employers Really Act Stupid (and Some Tips on How to Decide Between Multiple Job Offers) 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
