Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 MLT- Molecular & Cytogenetics 
 Hamilton Health Sciences Corporation 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Number:  81588 
 Job:  Technician/Technologist 
 Primary Location:  Ontario-Hamilton 
 This position will be located at:  McMaster University Medical Centre 
 Organization:  GENETICS 
 Status:  Temporary Full-time 
 Hours per week:  37.5 
 Number of Openings:  1 
 Union Code:  OPSEU Local 273 
 Minimum Salary:  31.3071 Hourly 
 Maximum Salary:  43.2426 
 Post Date:  May 7, 2020, 11:00:00 PM 
 Close Date (Period for Applying) - External:  Ongoing 
 Unit Summary 
 The Hamilton Regional Laboratory Medicine Program (HRLMP) is a collaborative program funded and operated jointly by Hamilton Health Sciences and St. Joseph's Hospital. The Program is committed to change and innovation, through education, service and research, to bring the highest quality science into healthcare for the benefit of the community and to participate in the clinical application and interpretation of the science. 
 Position Summary 
 Under general supervision and direction, the Medical Laboratory Technologist Molecular Genetics & Cytogenetics for performs a wide variety of laboratory procedures accurately, efficiently and safely while maintaining quality control and prioritizing workload. 
 Schedule Work Hours 
 Monday to Friday; days 
 This role is temporary until March, 2021. 
 Qualifications 
 1. CMLTO Registration in Molecular Genetics and Cytogenetics 
2. One year experience in human molecular genetics with practical experience in diagnostics assessment of hereditary syndromes preferred 
3. Experience with computer database management and tissue/specimens banking protocols 
4. Proficient in isolating genomic DNA from blood, fresh tissues and pathological specimens, tissue culture cells, amniotic fluid cells and CVS tissue 
5. Proficient in molecular diagnostic techniques, including restriction mapping and Southern hybrization and gene amplification by PCR 
6. Proficient in screening for and detecting mutations in inherited genetics disorders, such as hemoglobinopathy syndromes, using allele-specific assays and automated nucleotide sequencing 
7. Proficient in PCR typing of STR markers for UPD, zygosity, identity and kinship testing 
8. Capable to perform 'MLA' role vacation coverage in Cytogenetics, Molecular and Biochemical Genetics 
 Guidelines 
 Hamilton Health Sciences fosters a culture of patient and staff safety, whereby all employees are guided by our Mission, Vision, Values, and Values Based Code of Conduct. Hamilton Health Sciences is a teaching hospital and all staff and physicians are expected to support students and other learners. 
 To be considered for this opportunity applicants must apply during the posting period. All internal and external applicants may ONLY apply via the Careers website. 
 Hamilton Health Sciences is an equal opportunity employer and we will accommodate any needs under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedom, Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Hiring processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. Should any applicant require accommodation through the application processes, please contact Human Resources Operations at 905-521-2100, Ext. 46947 for assistance. If the applicant requires a specific accommodation because of a disability during an interview, the applicant will need to advise the hiring manager when scheduling the interview and the appropriate accommodations can be made. 
 This competition is open to all qualified applicants, however, qualified internal applicants will be considered first. Past performance will be considered as part of the selection process. If you are a previous employee of Hamilton Health Sciences, please note: the circumstances around an employee's exit will be considered prior to an offer of employment 
 Proficiency in both Official Languages, French and English, is considered an asset 
 If this position is temporary, selection for this position will be as per the outlined Collective Agreements: 
 Article 30 (k), CUPE Collective Agreement 
Article 10.7 (d), ONA Collective Agreement 
Article 13.01 (b) (ii), OPSEU 273 Collective Agreement 
Article 14.04, OPSEU 209 Collective Agreement 
Article 2.07 and Article 13, PIPSC RT Collective Agreement 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
