Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 MD Position, FT & LOCUM @ HBOT Facility  UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY 
 Ontario Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy Centre Inc. 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Medical Doctor licenced in Ontario under CPSO 
 Medical doctor licenced in Ontario under the CPSO wanted for 
a full-time permanent position in a clinic where Hyperbaric Oxygen Therapy 
(HBOT) is offered as a treatment for the 14 conditions covered by OHIP. 
 The position is fairly light in regards to workload, therefore the ability to run a private practice 
would be possible.* 
 The physicians’ duties are to ensure when patients are referred for 
HBOT that these patients are qualified to receive OHIPcoverage for 
their condition. 
 The Physician is required to be in the clinic while patients are undergoing HBOT. 
The hours are 8 am – 4 pm, Monday through Friday. Excellent, wheel-chair accessible clinic setting with free parking out front. Cooperative, professional, supportive staff on the premises at all times. 
 Further details: 
 
 Well established, fully operational for over 8 years 
 Very little patient interaction, very low volume 
 Great for a physician who is winding down their practice or looking for something low-key 
 Equal opportunity employer – physicians with disabilities welcome 
 Fully Telus PS SuiteEMRequipped (small amount of paper files to be maintained), all bills and overhead costs are fully covered by the clinic, no rent payments or fees will be charged to the physician (turn-key) 
 Technical support on-site 
 Compensation – negotiable 
 
 Interested candidates, please contact Laurie-Anne Fayle, Centre Director/Owner at (416) 789-4268. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Licence: 
 
 CPSO (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
