Skip to content 
 
 Recovered Resource Blog 
 Recology Sees a World Without Waste 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Our Bloggers 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Comments Policy 
 
 Green Jobs are Already Here 
 Posted on  December 13, 2009September 15, 2011  by  ecotulip 
 There's a lot of talk about the green collar jobs of the future, and the U.S.'s current economic state has a lot to do with it. Investors, entrepreneurs, and governments are hopeful that the maladies of unemployment will be cured by the creation of a momentous number of green jobs in wind, solar thermal, and photovoltaic power, or in creating the smart grid, and energy efficiency retrofits. The irony is that these green jobs are already here, and have been for at least twenty years. 
 Curbside recycling programs have been established in about half of all U.S. cities and towns. The programs are  an easy way to go green . Most curbside recycling includes the collection of aluminum, glass, plastic, paper, and steel * . More importantly, each one of those programs requires people to pick up our empty milk jugs, juice bottles, pickle jars and tinfoil. 
 The programs are also driving community education and awareness. Each generation is more thoroughly educated than the one before on how to identify and separate materials that were previously thought of as trash. As landfills fill up more quickly with the rising rate of consumerism and single-use products, curbside recycling provides a convenient alternative destiny for materials that are easy to reuse. 
 But most importantly, curbside recycling programs are also a quiet source of jobs. They employ the collectors and drivers that wake up earlier than most to make it possible for households to participate in environmental conservation. They employ the mechanics who keep those trucks running, and the people who organize that material and pass it on to industry. Curbside recycling programs keep your neighbors employed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Drawings by Susannah Webster, Resident Artist at Recology's Artist in Residence Program, 2008 
 At a time when everyone is budgeting and counting pennies, and the U.S.  unemployment rate is 10% ,  1,075 recycling jobs  are currently being advertised on just one website. Curbside recycling doesn't require a lot of trial and error with new technology. It  works , it's available, it doesn't tax us irrationally for the bottles and cans we buy at the supermarket. For about twenty years, curbside recycling programs have been quietly making a real, tangible, and impactful difference. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __  Posted in  Policy ,  Recology ,  Recycling ,  You Should Know... Tagged  Artist in Residence Program ,  curbside recycling ,  environment ,  green jobs ,  job 
 Post navigation 
 Keepin' it Simple, and Natural with Scott - The Anaerobic Digestion Question 
 Bye Bye Boardie 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Social 
 
 View www.facebook.com/recology's profile on Facebook 
 View www.facebook.com/recologysf's profile on Twitter 
 View www.pinterest.com/recologywz's profile on Pinterest 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 255 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Visit us at Recology.com 
 Artist in Residence Program 
 
  More Photos  
 More information about the 
 Artist in Residence Program 
 GLEAN Program 
 
 About Recovered Resource 
 
 About 
 Comments Policy 
 Our Bloggers 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 
 Search site archives 
 Search for: 
 Blogs We Like 
 
 Dot Earth  New York Times blog 
 Make Art Not Trash 
 
 Sites We Like 
 
 California Product Stewardship Council 
 Recology.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
