[ 
 Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership 
 Great things about Seneca County, Ohio - business, people, assets, quality of life 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/ "Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership") 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Meet the Team 
 Members 
 
 
 News & Info 
 
 Newsletters 
 
 
 Downtown 
 
 Facade Enhancement Grants 
 
 CDBG Facade Enhancement Program 
 2018 Facade Enhancement Grants 
 2017 Facade Enhancement Grants 
 2016 Facade Enhancement Grants 
 2015 Facade Enhancement Grants 
 2014 Facade Enhancement Grants 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 Business Resources 
 
 Seneca CARES Small Business Relief Grant Program 
 Tiffin CARES Small Business Relief Grant Program 
 Coronavirus 
 Webinars 
 
 COVID-19 Business Help Webinar Series 
 TSEP Resource Webinar Series 
 
 
 Monthly Local Business Forum 
 
 
 Dream Big Tiffin 
 
 Community Development for Tiffin 
 Gathering Community Input 
 Submit a Community Development Idea 
 Submit a Community Development Project 
 
 
 Seneca CARES 
 
 Search for: 
 Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers 
 [ 
 Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers receives Partnership in Development Award 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2020/02/28/vanguard-sentinel-career-technology-centers-receives-partnership-in-development-award/) 
 TIFFIN, OHIO – March 9, 2020  – Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers, opened in 1968, was recognized for their role in providing educational opportunities to youth and adults with the Partnership in Development Award by Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership during its 2020 Annual Meeting. 
 
 Click here to view the award video 
 
 “Then-(Ohio Gov. Jimmy Rhodes) had this vision that if we could to bring in multiple partners together — our schools, our community members, our businesses partners — we could create a network of schools in one central location that would bring even more opportunities for students to get career training, workforce training and meet the demands of the workforce,” said Vanguard-Sentinel superintendent Greg Edinger. 
 The school has evolved over the past 50 years. Today, Vanguard-Sentinel serves more than 1,200 high school freshman to seniors, 700 more high schools through other satellite programs in the communities and 3,000 adult students in the Adult Technical Center. 
 The centers provide multiple opportunities to high school in short-term training or classes for one to four years, and offer opportunities for industry credentials for technical skill attainment, pre-apprenticeship opportunities, advanced placement in business of their choice. 
 Vanguard-Sentinel makes it a priroty to be involved with the community. In 2019, staff and stuents participated in 4,000 hours of community service. 
 “While there are always many new and exciting changes happening in the district, the one thing that has stayed constant and will not change is the importance of working hand-in-hand with our community and business and industry partners, and with that, being honored with this award just makes us all so proud here at Vanguard-Sentinel,” Edinger said. 
 About the Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership 
 Started in 1983 as the Seneca Industrial and Economic Development Corp. (SIEDC), the Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership is a private, non-profit corporation dedicated to driving positive economic, downtown, and community development in Tiffin and Seneca County, Ohio, which consistently ranks among the top communities nationally for economic development. Learn more about the great things going on in Tiffin and Seneca County at  www.tiffinseneca.org . 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  Annual Meeting 2020 ,  Partnership in Development Award ,  Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  February 28, 2020  by  ndutro .  1 Comment  [ 
 SkillsUSA Names 24 Schools as National Models of Excellence 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2019/05/22/skillsusa-names-24-schools-as-national-models-of-excellence/) 
 The Vanguard Tech Center Honored as America’s Top SkillsUSA Program for 2019 
 _Press release provided by Vanguard Sentinel Career & Technology Centers _ 
 Fremont, Ohio:  — SkillsUSA recently named 24 SkillsUSA chapters as Models of Excellence for 2019. At the top level of SkillsUSA’s Chapter Excellence Program, these schools are recognized for the exceptional integration and application of personal, workplace and technical skills in their SkillsUSA chapter activities. This is the highest award bestowed on chapters by SkillsUSA, which is one of the largest student organizations for career and technical education. Vanguard Sentinel Career & Technology Centers (VSCTC) is excited to announce their Fremont campus (The Vanguard Tech Center) earned Model of Excellence for workplace skills. 
 “The Models of Excellence program represents the very best in chapter achievement and community involvement,” said Timothy W. Lawrence, executive director of SkillsUSA. “These students represent our future workforce and reflect the future of their communities. This is a tremendous honor for each school and validates these outstanding SkillsUSA programs as some of the best in the nation.” 
 As an honoree, VSCTC will participate in the SkillsUSA National Leadership and Skills Conference in Louisville, Ky., June 24-28. Activities include finalist interviews, an awards dinner at the Kentucky Derby Museum, and recognition at the SkillsUSA awards ceremony in front of more than 12,000 students, instructors and business leaders. The Chapter Excellence Program is provided in partnership with the U.S. Department of Labor and Crescent Tools, a premier hand-tool brand from Apex Tool Group. 
 “We are honored to be part of this program,” said Curt Weber, senior director of brand management for Apex Tool Group. “These students possess the skills that every employer seeks, including leadership, initiative, communication, teamwork and problem solving. Their SkillsUSA instructors take the education of these students to the next level by elevating it from classroom instruction to successful application.” 
 Other Ohio schools receiving the 2019 Models of Excellence award recognition include Buckeye Hills Career Center and Upper Valley Career Center. 
 The Chapter Excellence Program promotes the intentional learning of personal skills, workplace skills and technical skills grounded in academics, as outlined in the SkillsUSA Framework for student development. Specific characteristics defined within each skill area help ensure tangible benchmarks for student achievement and chapter programming. Achievement is measured by the effectiveness of students’ efforts in implementing essential workplace skills including personal responsibility, integrity, work ethic and organization in chapter activities. The hands-on approach of this program actualizes the SkillsUSA mission of empowering members to become world-class workers, leaders and responsible American citizens. 
 About Vanguard Sentinel Career & Technology Centers 
 Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers have been providing quality career technical education since 1968.  The district provides students with specific, marketable skills to begin a career, pursue further training or attend college.  For more information, visit  www.vsctc.org . 
 About SkillsUSA 
 SkillsUSA is a nonprofit partnership of education and industry to strengthen our nation’s skilled workforce. Driven by employer demand, SkillsUSA helps students develop necessary personal and workplace skills along with technical skills grounded in academics. This SkillsUSA Framework empowers every student to succeed at work and in life, while helping to close the “skills gap” in which millions of positions go unfilled. Through SkillsUSA’s championships program and curricula, employers have long ensured schools are teaching relevant technical skills, and with SkillsUSA’s new credentialing process, they can now assess how ready potential employees are for the job. SkillsUSA has more than 360,000 annual members nationwide in high schools, colleges and middle schools, covering over 130 trade, technical and skilled service occupations, and is recognized by the U.S. departments of Education and Labor as integral to career and technical education. For more information:  www.skillsusa.org 
 Posted in  awards ,  Education  and tagged  awards ,  Education ,  Seneca County ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers ,  vocational school  on  May 22, 2019  by  aaflood95 .  Leave a comment  [ 
 Terra State and Vanguard-Sentinel to partner on eight programs 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2018/07/18/terra-state-and-vanguard-sentinel-to-partner-on-eight-programs/) 
 Press release provided by Terra State Community College . 
 Terra State Interim President Dr. Ron Schumacher (left) and VSCTC Superintendent Greg Edinger. 
 Fremont, OH, July 18, 2018  – Terra State Community College and Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers (VSCTC) have announced a cooperative arrangement to develop career pathways for VSCTC students in a variety of programs. The two institutions will work with area businesses, industries, economic development organizations and secondary and higher education entities to provide education and workforce opportunities to students. 
 The arrangement will offer students educational opportunities in eight programs: Auto Technologies, Business Administration, Criminal Justice, Culinary and Hospitality Management, Digital Information Technologies, Engineering Technology and Robotics, Health/Medical and Welding. Additional programs can be added at any time and both institutions will not duplicate course offerings. 
 Left to Right: Fremont Mayor Danny Sanchez, VSCTC Superintendent Greg Edinger, Terra State Interim President Dr. Ron Schumacher, Ohio Representative Bill Reineke 
 “This particular agreement is the first of its kind in the State of Ohio,” says Dr. Ron Schumacher, Terra State Interim President. “It’s a true collaboration where we can share resources to provide courses for students of all ages seeking credit or non-credit training. Families who participate will save thousands of dollars on higher education for their children. It will also allow students to gain experience with industries with the possibility of earning professional credentials during school.” 
 One featured program, Auto Technologies, was outlined during the signing ceremony held this morning. Students can enter the program in their sophomore year of high school. Upon graduation from high school, student participants will have numerous certificates, work experience and an Associate Degree from Terra State. Students then can choose to enter the workforce or continue their education. 
 “Terra State and Vanguard-Sentinel have been able to improve efficiencies of these programs and provide more opportunities for students to gain the necessary skills and education to positively impact the area workforce. This program will move people through the pipeline to employment faster,” adds Greg Edinger, VSCTC Superintendent. 
 VSCTC serves a six county area and the following school districts: Fremont-Ross, Fremont St. Joseph, Clyde-Green Springs, Fostoria, Gibsonburg, Hopewell-Loudon, Lakota, 
 Mohawk, New Riegel, Old Fort, Port Clinton, Seneca East, Tiffin Calvert, Tiffin Columbian and Upper Sandusky. 
 Posted in  Education ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  continuing education ,  Education ,  higher education ,  Terra State Community College ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers ,  VSCTC ,  Workforce ,  workforce development  on  July 18, 2018  by  kmlang .  Leave a comment  [ 
 Sentinel program places in Elite 50 for second year in a row 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2018/01/16/sentinel-program-places-in-elite-50-for-second-year-in-a-row/) 
 The  Sentinel Career and Technology Center   Culinary Arts & Hospitality Management  program has been named an  Elite 50 Hospitality Program  by Sullivan University for the second year in a row. 
 High school and tech center programs excelling in the areas of culinary arts, baking and pastry arts, and/or hospitality management across the nation are considered for the Elite 50. Some are state and national award winners from  ProStart ,  SkillsUSA  and  Family Career and Community Leaders of America  (FCCLA). Emphasis is also placed on strong hospitality enrollment and community involvement. 
 The Sentinel program was transitioned to Culinary Arts & Hospitality Management at the start of the 2014-2015 academic year. The program has been recognized by the National Restaurant Association OH ProStart as a program of distinction for the past three years, and instructor Valerie Zeno has been recognized by the National Restaurant Association OH ProStart as a teacher of distinction for three years. Zeno was also recognized as the OH ProStart Educator of Excellence in OH in February of 2017 and by the National Restaurant Association as a National Educator of Excellence. 
 All students enrolled in the program earn their ProStart certificate of achievement and ServSafe Food Handler and Manager certification, as well as complete over 200 hours of paid work experience in the culinary and hospitality management industry. The culinary and hospitality management program is very active in the local community and completes hundreds of community and service learning hours throughout the year. 
 The Vanguard Tech Center in Fremont also appeared on the Elite 50 list. 
 About the Elite 50 
The Elite 50 list is comprised of high schools and tech centers that excel in the areas of culinary arts, baking and pastry arts, and/or hospitality management. Some are state and national competition winners from ProStart, SkillsUSA and Family Career and Community Leaders of America (FCCLA). We also conducted research to establish schools with strong hospitality enrollment and influence in their community. Included are many schools we specifically paid visits to that we deemed to have strong hospitality studies programs. 
 About Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers 
Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers have been providing quality career technical education since 1968. The district provides students with specific, marketable skills to begin a career, pursue further training or attend college. For more information about any of our programs, or to apply to be a student, visit  www.vsctc.org . 
 Posted in  Education ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  Culinary Arts & Hospitality Management ,  Elite 50 ,  Family Career and Community Leaders of America ,  Fremont Ohio ,  ProStart ,  Sentinel ,  Sentinel Career Center ,  SkillsUSA ,  Sullivan University ,  Tiffin Ohio ,  Valerie Zeno ,  Vanguard Tech Center ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  January 16, 2018  by  kmlang .  Leave a comment  [ 
 2017 Sentinel's most successful year yet 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2017/06/16/2017-sentinels-most-successful-year-yet/) 
 The 2016-2017 school year was another record setter for  Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers . The stats for the Tiffin campus are astounding: 
 August 2016 - May 2017 
 
 96% Skill Attainment/WebXam (CTE end of course exam) passage rate among 2017 graduates. 
 99% 12pt. industrial credential passage rate among 2017 graduates. Industrial Credential Examples: Pro Start, NATEF/ASE, NCCER, NIMS, AWS, STNA, APCO-911, to name only a few. 
 94% or higher retention rate from the first day of school to the last. 
 2016-2017 total enrollment: 532, with 180 Career Technology Education graduates. 
 2017 placement rate: 50% Career, 35% College (2/4 year/or apprenticeship program) & 15% military. 
 43 State Champions among career technical student organizations (SkillsUSA, FFA & Educators Rising). 
 
 Sentinel Career & Technology Center Director Elissa Heal is looking forward to another successful school year this fall, expanding business and industry relationships and offering new outlets for students. 
 "Continuing to strengthen relationships with the business community is a priority at Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers," she said. "Each of our 15 career programs have a business advisory team made up of industry/educational representatives from their career field. Offering high quality career technical education to students in our community is a top priority." 
 Expanding upon character education - one of the pillars of all VSCTC programs - Drug Free Clubs will be offered starting this fall in addition to other programs designed to serve both the students and community. VSCTC is also rolling out the "Bronze-Platnum" program model, which will expand options for students and provide opportunities to area businesses and industries. The program is still in development; more information will be provided this fall. 
 About VSCTC 
Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers have been providing quality career technical education since 1968. The district provides students with specific, marketable skills to begin a career, pursue further training or attend college. For more information about programs, or to apply to be a student, visit    www.vsctc.org . 
 Posted in  Education ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  career placement ,  career tech education ,  career technology ,  graduation rate ,  Sentinel Career Center ,  Tiffin Ohio ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  June 16, 2017  by  kmlang .  Leave a comment  [ 
 Sentinel students compete at state SkillsUSA Championships 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2017/04/12/sentinel-students-compete-at-state-skillsusa-championships/) 
 More than 100  Vanguard-Sentinel Career Center  students traveled to Columbus this week to participate in the  SkillsUSA  Ohio Championships, bringing home 71 medals. 
 The students displayed projects either as individuals or in groups, showcases projects that they have been working on throughout the year. Students from all 12 Vanguard-Sentinel District programs competed in the chapter display. 
 Thirty-five Sentinel students won gold medals, giving them a shot at the national competition in Louisville, Ky this June. The district also brought home 22 silver and 14 bronze medals. 
 Congratulations to all of the Vanguard-Sentinel students and educators! 
 About Sentinel Career Center 
 The Seneca County-based Sentinel Career & Technology Center is located in Tiffin (central Seneca County), is part of the two-county district, and serves 560 students (1,100 district-wide). The District received As across the board on its report card from the Ohio Department of Education for technical skill attainment (92%), graduation rate (95% for four years), and post-program placement (98%). Sentinel is also the only vocational technical school in the nation to receive the National School of Character designation from Character.org. The school has also had multiple students compete nationally at the SkillsUSA challenge. 
 About SkillsUSA 
 SkillsUSA is a partnership of students, teachers and industry working together to ensure America has a skilled work force. SkillsUSA helps each student excel. SkillsUSA improves the quality of America’s skilled workforce through a structured program of citizenship, leadership, employability, technical and professional skills training. 
 Posted in  Education ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  SkillsUSA ,  SkillsUSA Ohio ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  April 12, 2017  by  kmlang .  Leave a comment  [ 
 SENTINEL PROGRAM EARNS DISTINCTION 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2016/12/22/sentinel-program-earns-distinction/) 
 Photo provided by VSCTC 
 Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Center  has taken home another national honor. This week, the Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management Program was named one of the "Elite 50 Hospitality Programs" in the entire country. 
 From Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers: 
 The Culinary Arts and Hospitality Management program at Sentinel Career & Technology Center has been named an “Elite 50 Hospitality Program” by Sullivan University. The program was selected from more than 350 secondary school hospitality programs from across the nation that were invited to apply for the honor of being named to the 2017 Elite 50 list. 
 “All of our programs at Sentinel Career & Technology Center have a high standard of excellence”, explains Sentinel Director, Elissa Heal. “This recognition showcases that we are a program of excellence and we are preparing and inspiring tomorrow’s hospitality professionals. Instructor Valerie Zeno is a true asset to our district and the instruction and experiences she provides to the students in the program is top notch. She has built a program that is truly deserving of this designation.” 
 The criteria for earning the Program of Distinction award includes: 
 
 Two-Year Culinary or Hospitality Management program at the high school level 
 Participation in state competitions, with more points earned for placing 1st-4th in competition 
 Submission of an original recipe with photos or a restaurant management design 
 Program information including student participants and teacher credentials 
 Additional consideration is given when a school operates a restaurant, or catering service as part of training. 
 
 Vanguard-Sentinel Career & Technology Centers have been providing quality career technical education since 1968. The district provides students with specific, marketable skills to begin a career, pursue further training or attend college. For more information about any of our programs, or to apply to be a student, visit  www.vsctc.org . 
 Posted in  Education ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  career tech ,  culinary arts ,  Education ,  Elite 50 Hospitality Programs ,  hospitality program ,  Seneca County ,  Sullivan University ,  Tiffin Ohio ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  December 22, 2016  by  kmlang .  1 Comment  [ 
 Sentinel Career Center expansion underway 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2016/11/03/sentinel-career-center-expansion-underway/) 
 Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Center   has begun work on a $1.5 million, 11,000 square foot facility at their Tiffin campus. 
 The building will be the new home of the Public Safety Program. The addition of space will move the program from just a classroom space to a lab environment that will allow the instructor to train the students in a setting similar to a real academy. There will be adequate space for physical and tactical training, an evidence and booking room, and also a bay entrance for equipment for the program. It will also have classrooms for the Adult Education and Collision Repair Programs, and a Wellness Center. The school has also partnered with the Seneca County Commissioners that will allow the new facility to be a secondary location for their Emergency Operation Center in the county. 
 Clouse Construction  is the contractor for the project, but now that the building is under roof, Sentinel students will gain hands on experience in their field of study as they work to complete the project, including (but not limited to) constructing walls and running the electric. 
 Another project underway at Sentinel is the "AIM" Mobile Career Tech bus. This will be a mobile lab used to introduce K-8 students in 13 school districts to in-demand careers and the 12 career clusters available at Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers. It is designed to engage students with career connections and experiential learning to better prepare for in-demand careers at an early age. This re-purposed bus (a partnership between Automotive and Collision Repair) will be a mobile and multi-functional CTE lab. An instructor will deliver exposure and hands-on experiences to students at their home school that will help AIM them in the right direction towards their future goals. This should be completed for the 2017-2018 school year. 
 Vanguard-Sentinel is also looking at continuing to help mitigate a crisis in workforce preparation for advanced manufacturing careers and skilled trades with  RAMTEC . Funded by the Ohio Department of Education's Straight A Fund, RAMTEC supports a holistic approach to economic/workforce development by allowing students to demonstrate mastery of skills on equipment identical to that used in Ohio manufacturing industries. There will also be an expansion of programs, that will add and expand opportunities for Freshman through adults, continuing to focus on industry credentials but expanding opportunities including early placements and pre-apprenticeship programs designed in close collaboration with local business and industry partners. Sentinel is also involved in the strategic planning process for a county-wide Workforce Development Plan. 
 Sentinel opened in 1985, and in 1997 the  Family Learning Center  was added in partnership with Seneca County. Five years ago, the entire facility underwent a complete renovation which included energy efficient upgrades to lighting, HVAC, and technology. The total cost of the renovation was $7 million. 
 Posted in  Education ,  Seneca County ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  career technology education ,  Education ,  expansion ,  Seneca County ,  Tiffin Ohio ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  November 3, 2016  by  kmlang .  Leave a comment  [ 
 Vanguard-Sentinel wins awards at world's largest skills contest 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2016/06/24/sentinel-wins-awards-at-worlds-largest-skills-contest/) 
 Students from  Sentinel Career Center  and the Vanguard-Sentinel District competed with more than 6,000 students at the SkillsUSA 52nd Annual  National Leadership and Skill Conference  in Louisville, KY from June 20-24, 2016, and  tonight it was announced  that they are bringing home gold metals in TeamWorks (construction), Carpentry, Collision Repair, and Nursing Assisting. The SkillsUSA event is considered the largest skills contest in the world, with more than 100 total contests, 1100 judges, and a 1.2 million square feet competition area. 
 Elissa Heal, Director of Sentinel Career Centers, accompanied 21 juniors and seniors from the Collision Repair Technology, Health Careers Academy,STNA Health Careers Academy, Culinary & Hospitality, Building Construction Trades, Collision Repair Technology, Public Safety, Cosmetology and Electrical Trades programs to compete in the national contests. All were state gold medal winners and already champions. These additional awards just allowed the best of the best in Ohio the chance to compete nationally. 
 Congratulations to Director Heal and all of our Sentinel students and instructors. We're proud of you and celebrate your success! 
 About Sentinel Career Center 
 The Seneca County-based Sentinel Career & Technology Center is located in Tiffin (central Seneca County), is part of the two-county district, and serves 560 students (1,100 district-wide). The District received As across the board on its report card from the Ohio Department of Education for technical skill attainment (92%), graduation rate (95% for four years), and post-program placement (98%). Sentinel is also the only vocational technical school in the nation to receive the National School of Character designation from Character.org. The school has also had multiple students compete nationally at the SkillsUSA challenge. 
 About SkillsUSA 
 SkillsUSA is a partnership of students, teachers and industry working together to ensure America has a skilled work force. SkillsUSA helps each student excel. SkillsUSA improves the quality of America’s skilled workforce through a structured program of citizenship, leadership, employability, technical and professional skills training. 
 About the SkillsUSA Championships 
 The SkillsUSA Championships is the national competition for public high school and college/post secondary students enrolled in career and technical education programs. SkillsUSA organizes this event, which is considered the largest skills contest in the world and the single greatest day of industry volunteerism in America annually at an estimated cost of more than $36 million. Each SkillsUSA Championships contestant is a state - level gold medalist. Begun in 1967, the SkillsUSA Championships has 6,000 competitors in 100 hands-on skill and leadership contests this year. SkillsUSA adds contests to the SkillsUSA Championships each year to meet the demands of new and expanding occupations. SkillsUSA instructional programs represent 130 different occupational areas. 
 Posted in  Communities ,  Events ,  Seneca County ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  Elissa Heal ,  national competition ,  Seneca County ,  SkillsUSA ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  June 24, 2016  by  kmlang .  Leave a comment  [ 
 Manufacturers' Bus Tour to be held Oct. 9 
 ](https://senecasuccess.wordpress.com/2015/10/05/manufacturers-bus-tour-to-be-held-oct-9/) 
 OhioMeansJobs Seneca County  is to host the first Seneca County Manufacturers' Bus Tour this Friday, Oct. 9. The purpose of the bus tour is to expose superintendents, principals, and junior and senior high school guidance counselors to manufacturing work environments, career opportunities (from entry-level to advanced), and the possibilities for tuition reimbursement, with the goal of hosting a bus tour for students in the future. The tour will start at 7 a.m. at OhioMeansJobs Seneca County, and conclude at 3:45 p.m. Lunch will be provided, and prepared by the Sentinel Career Center culinary students. 
 Representatives from the following schools are expected to attend: 
 
 Bridges Community Academy 
 Calvert Catholic Schools 
 Carey Exempted Village School District 
 Fostoria City Schools 
 Mohawk Local School District 
 North Central Academy 
 Old Fort Local Schools 
 Tiffin City Schools 
 St. Wendelin High School 
 
 With visits planned to the following Seneca County employers: 
 
 Seneca Millwork 
 The Mennel Milling Company 
 Toledo Molding& Die 
 Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Center 
 Tiffin Metal Products 
 National Machinery 
 
 For more information about the program, or to reserve a spot on the bus, please contact Carol Kern at  carol.owen@jfs.ohio.gov  or 419.447.5011 ext. 322. You can also check out tours already held in  Sandusky  and  Ottawa  Counties. 
 Posted in  Events  and tagged  Bridges Community Academy ,  Calvert Catholic Schools ,  Carey Exempted Village School District ,  Fostoria City Schools ,  Manufacturers' Bus Tour ,  Mennel Milling ,  Mohawk Local School District ,  National Machinery ,  North Central Academy ,  OhioMeansJobs Seneca County ,  Old Fort Local Schools ,  Seneca Millwork ,  St. Wendelin High School ,  Tiffin City Schools ,  Tiffin Metal Products ,  Tiffin Sentinel ,  Toledo Molding and Die ,  Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers  on  October 5, 2015  by  kmlang .  Leave a comment 
 Search for: 
 Contact Us 
 David Zak 
President & CEO 
 zak@tiffinseneca.org 
(c) 419.912.1150 
 Amy Reinhart 
Downtown Main Street Manager 
 reinhart@tiffinseneca.org 
(c) 419.619.5517 
 Nick Dutro 
Economic Development Manager 
 dutro@tiffinseneca.org 
(c) 419.767.0328 
 Audrey Flood 
Development Manager 
 flood@tiffinseneca.org 
(c) 419.561.0244 
 Carol Kern 
Business Services Consultant 
OhioMeansJobs Seneca 
 Carol.Owen@jfs.ohio.gov 
(o) 419.447.5011 ext. 2322 
 Subscribe by Email 
 Click here to sign up 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Annual Meeting awards Communities community development Downtown Education Events Façade Enhancement food food Fostoria Fostoria Chamber Fostoria Economic Development Corporation Fun Guest Blog Guides Heidelberg University Industrial Manufacturing People Projects Resources Restaurants Retail Sally McDonald Seneca County Seneca Regional Chamber of Commerce Services SIEDC Stats Tiffin Tiffin University Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership Uncategorized Video Why Seneca County 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Community Development for Tiffin 
 Gathering Community Input 
 SBA and Treasury Announce PPP Re-Opening; Issue New Guidance 
 Ballreich’s names Tom Miller as new President 
 TSEP hosting free webinars for small businesses 
 
 Tags 
 awards   development   downtown events   downtown Tiffin   downtown Tiffin Ohio   Education   entrepreneurship   events   expansion   Facade Enhancement Grant   Facade Enhancement Program   Fostoria Ohio   grants   Heidelberg University   Heritage Ohio   investment   Laird Arcade   manufacturing   Mayor Aaron Montz   National Machinery   new business   Regional Growth Partnership   retail   Seneca County   Seneca Industrial and Economic Development Corp.   Seneca Regional Chamber of Commerce   Seneca Regional Chamber of Commerce & Visitor Services   SIEDC   small business   South Washington Street   Terra State Community College   The Ritz Theatre   Tiffin   Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership   Tiffin-Seneca Public Library   Tiffin Architectural Board of Review   Tiffin Downtown   Tiffin Ohio   Tiffin University   Vanguard-Sentinel Career and Technology Centers 
 Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership 
 19 W. Market Street, Suite C 
Tiffin, OH 44883 
Fax: 419-447-5141 
 1-419-447-3831 
 Office - M-F - 8:00 am to 5:00 pm 
Via cell (419.912.1150) - anytime 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 12,585 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Our mission: 
 The Tiffin-Seneca Economic Partnership is a private, non-profit corporation organized for the purpose of attracting, retaining and expanding business in Seneca County. It facilitates projects and initiatives that promote and support community downtown and economic development. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
