Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Analyst 
 Silvera for Seniors 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 We currently have a full-time opportunity of a Financial Analyst in our Administrative Office in SW Calgary. 
 Find meaningful work with seniors 
 Enjoy working on a high-performance team while making a difference in the lives of independent seniors. 
 Choose an opportunity to support our vibrant communities across Calgary 
 Benefit from flexible hours, healthcare coverage and temporary incentives. 
 Reporting to the Chief Development Officer and working within the Silvera Capital Development Department, the Financial Analyst duties: 
 Key responsibilities include: 
Partners with Project Managers to ensure data accuracy. Prepare analysis of performance for each project and perform variance analysis, including but not limited to forecasts, invoicing, and budgets. Perform weekly and monthly analysis of program performance and trends, and prepare various financial reports thereon (including bench-marking of operational metrics) 
Collecting and analyzing financial data including budgets, income statement forecasts etc. 
Support internal processes in terms of delivery and financials, including procuring, budgeting, costing, resource allocations, time entry and corrections, and accounts payable. Assist with bank reporting requirements 
Developing recommendations Change to supportsccostvteviews etc to reduce costs and improve company's financial performance 
Ensuring that company's goals and financial standing are taken into account 
Collecting and processing data to prepare sophisticated reports on financial status and risks 
Building financial models, and performing bench-marking and process analysis 
Analyzing company's actual results in comparison with forecasts to track and determine its financial status 
Organizing business studies on past, future and comparative performance and developing forecast models. Researching and identifying trends 
Reconciling transactions by comparing and correcting data 
Consulting with managers to help with long term and strategic decision making 
 Qualifications required are: 
Degree or Certificate in Accounting, Finance or Commerce preferred 
3+ years' experience of cost accounting for multiple projects. Relevant prior experience in the construction industry and with YARDI systems would be an asset 
Profound experience of working with statistical analysis and statistical packages using various tools such as spreadsheets, databases, MS Office and financial software applications 
In-depth knowledge of financial forecasting and diagnosis, corporate finance and information analysis 
Excellent presentation, reporting and communication skills. High attention to detail, organized and thorough 
Strong knowledge of current financial subjects, accounting, tax laws, money market and business environments 
 What we offer: 
Competitive wage and benefits 
Training is provided 
Personally rewarding work as part of a great team 
Career advancement opportunities 
 Silvera employees create positive impact every day. Together, we serve people who make their home with us, including in our supportive living communities, which provide meals, housekeeping and Active Aging programs. 
 Our workforce is diverse, and there are opportunities in dining, housekeeping, maintenance and administration. We celebrate each other through training, recognition and opportunities for growth. We offer flexible full-time, part-time and casual hours. 
 Silvera. More than 55 years of non-profit service to Calgarians. Home to more than 1,450 residents. Live your best life with us by building a meaningful career 
 We thank all applicants; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Due to the current high volume of applications, we will not be accepting phone calls about individual applications. 
 
 All pre-screen questions must be answered completed for an application to be processed. 
 
 In accordance with the Alberta Accommodation Standards, all successful candidates are required to complete a criminal record check prior to commencing employment and all offers made are contingent upon a successful criminal record check. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
