  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Graphic Design 
 
 Graphic Design Freelance Jobs From Argentina 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  Graphic designers  from  Argentina 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/argentina/graphic-design) 
 Last month 
 Create 43 Pixel Art characers. 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 18 Bids: 8 
 Create 43-pixel art characters for an Argentinian app. This should be done in 2 weeks, we have a very short time to finish it. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Illustrations 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Extension to existing art 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. L. Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 250 - 500 
 2 months ago 
 Looking for an Anime Studio Pro 12 work 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 1 
 Hi, i am looking for designers/people who are expert using the program called Anime Studio Pro 12. The idea is to design and animate already existing anime characters (from animes like Naruto, Bleach, etc.) Using this program so it looks very similar to the actual anime quality. The idea is to make an animation of 10 seconds only. Please contact me if you're available and interested :) 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. S. Last reply: 2 months ago  Argentina 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 months ago 
 Design a Pitch Deck for a gaming website. 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 4 
 I need a fast editable template for the following Pitch Deck: 
 I am attaching two archives. 
 Archive "Deck 2- pdf" is the deck that has to be done. 
Archive " Template " its just some ideas if the designer wants to use it. 
 I need the deck template to be done in 24/48hs. Once the template is done, we check it and complete it with more information to proceed to a final version. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. Last reply: 3 months ago  Argentina 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 months ago 
 Shopify Listing and Mockup Designer 
 Published: 5 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 1 
 I need somebody to help me to list products in Shopify and create mockups with photoshop. 
Please don't apply if you don't count with these skills: 
Excellent English 
Excellent Internet connection (the task are with heavy files, uploading and downloading) 
Great Photoshop Skills 
Shopify Knowledge 
Speak Spanish 
Responsibility 
The work is with timer and we pay $6 dollars per hour and deadlines are from one day to other 
Gracias 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  J. N. Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 6 months ago 
 Design a service infographic for an independent consultor 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 14 
 Hi, 
 I need to create some kind of commercial presentation for my SEO consulting services. 
The idea, so far, is to have a simple but powerful infographic where I can show the variety of services that I provide and some key points for each of them. 
 It's something like a CV but for independent consulting... 
 SEO Services Provided: 
 Ad Hoc Strategies. 
Technical Optimization. 
SEO Methodologies. 
 Content Strategies and Creation. 
Process Optimization. 
Trainings. 
 (Workshops, In-House trainings, consulting, courses...) 
Linkbuilding. 
 Those are all the services I provide. 
Then, when it comes to the methodology that I use: 
 Annual contract: 
Phase 1: Absolut Recon. (Full technical audits, business models, goals, scope, teams, partners...) 
Phase 2: Strategy 
Phase 3.a: Build 
3.b: In-House or Online Training 
Pase 4.a: Maintaining 
4.b: Consulting 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Infographics 
 What do you need?  : Create an infographic from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. G. Last reply: 6 months ago  Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 8 months ago 
 Demo - Logo creation  enterprise client 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 30 
 I´m looking for a creative designer to help me with my Logo. I already have one, but a want more modern version while reflecting our values an vision 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new logo from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Initials (A brand represented by one or more initials) 
 Published by:  S. -. A. E. Argentina 
 USD 50 - 100 
 10 months ago 
 Tableau Dashboard 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We need to have a Tableau Dashboard created from a MySQL Database. The Dashoboard consists of a series of Graphs and tables with corresponding colors. Attached is the example of what we need. 
Take into account that the Database will have the corresponding information in different tables. 
Provide the Estimated budget, License cost and Delivery time. Also provide Portfolio and experience 
Thanks 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Infographics 
 What do you need?  : Create an infographic from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Argentina 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
