
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Software Engineer 
 Wells Fargo 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Software Engineer 
 Wells Fargo 
 [](mailto:?subject=Software%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14122214/software-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 19, 2020 
 Location: 
 Chandler, Arizona 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Job Description 
 Important Note: During the application process, ensure your contact information (email and phone number) is up to date and upload your current resume when submitting your application for consideration. To participate in some selection activities you will need to respond to an invitation. The invitation can be sent by both email and text message. In order to receive text message invitations, your profile must include a mobile phone number designated as 'Personal Cell' or 'Cellular' in the contact information of your application. 
 At Wells Fargo, we want to satisfy our customers' financial needs and help them succeed financially. We're looking for talented people who will put our customers at the center of everything we do. Join our diverse and inclusive team where you'll feel valued and inspired to contribute your unique skills and experience. 
 Help us build a better Wells Fargo. It all begins with outstanding talent. It all begins with you. 
 Wells Fargo Technology is a team of more than 40,000 information technology and security professionals who help keep Wells Fargo at the forefront of America's diversified financial services companies. Employees execute an engineering-led IT strategy to deliver stable, secure, scalable and innovative services that provide Wells Fargo global customers 'round-the-clock' banking access through in-store, online, ATM, and other channels. Wells Fargo Technology plays a critical role in the company's customer and employee experience, business and risk management transformation, and growth agenda. 
 Wells Fargo Digital technologies team mission is to deliver world class engineering for the digital channel and create products that serve our customers' online & mobile financial needs. The Wells Fargo Digital Technology group is seeking a talented Software Engineer to develop complex software solutions for key portal and mobile applications in the area. The CEO Portal and Mobile applications are customer facing portals built using Java, Spring, React, Weblogic, and oracle DB. The platform provides single sign on portal and mobile capabilities for our commercial and corporate business customers to access a wide array of online business services. 
 Our Wholesale Digital Services is hiring a Java Developer. Key responsibilities include: 
 
 
 Review designs and technical specifications for web and mobile applications by analyzing highly complex business requirements, while continuously focused on optimal performance and scalability. 
 
 
 Develop application enhancements and interfaces including customer facing portals, and service integrations. 
 
 
 He or she will participate in troubleshooting of customer issues and production incidents. 
 
 
 Work across functional teams to implement complex initiatives and enhancements while minimizing risk to end customers. 
 
 
 Performs code reviews to ensure requested functionality is implemented to meet both functional and performance expectations. 
 
 
 Helps or participate in performance tests. 
 
 
 Verify application logic by leveraging test data, unit testing and debugging of programs. 
 
 
 Develop new documentation, departmental technical procedures and user guides. 
 
 
 Assures quality, security and compliance requirements are met for supported areas and they meed established business SLA's. 
 
 
 Serves as a technical resource in building mature and maintainable software using tools such as React Js with Redux, mutual authentication, and cloud technologies. 
 
 
 Significant working knowledge of Jira, Git, Artifactory, Jenkins, uDeploy and experience operating within an agile environment. 
 
 
 You've got the passion. You've got the skills. At Wells Fargo, you'll have the chance to join a team of smart and talented people who share the same values. Our goal is to attract, develop, retain and motivate the most talented people - those who care and who work together as one team to deliver innovative top quality solutions. 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 5+ years of JavaScript development experience 
 5+ years of RESTful or SOAP web services 
 5 + years of experience providing technical support or development for banking customer-facing portals 
 3+ years of experience in Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0, 2.1 or a combination of both 
 5+ years of software engineering experience 
 
 Desired Qualifications 
 
 Strong verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills 
 An industry-standard technology certification 
 
 Other Desired Qualifications 
 
 3+ years of experience in developing enterprise web applications using React JS with Redux 
 3+ years of secure SDLC (System Development Life Cycle) methodologies experience 
 2+ years of Agile experience 
 3+ years of mobile banking experience 
 Ability to design, develop and implement large scale/complex software applications. 
 Knowledge and understanding of design and development of modern web technologies and mobile technologies 
 Knowledge and understanding of test driven application development 
 Strong organizational , multi-tasking, and prioritizing skills 
 
 Job Expectations 
 
 Ability to work on call as assigned 
 Flexibility to work in a 24/7 environment, including weekends and holidays 
 
 Street Address 
 CA-SF-Financial District:  333 Market St - San Francisco, CA 
 AZ-Chandler:  2700 S Price Rd - Chandler, AZ 
 Disclaimer 
 All offers for employment with Wells Fargo are contingent upon the candidate having successfully completed a criminal background check. Wells Fargo will consider qualified candidates with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable local, state and Federal law, including Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act. 
 Relevant military experience is considered for veterans and transitioning service men and women. 
Wells Fargo is an Affirmative Action and Equal Opportunity Employer, Minority/Female/Disabled/Veteran/Gender Identity/Sexual Orientation. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 5556605-1 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Wells Fargo 
 Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE: WFC) is a diversified, community-based financial services company with $1.9 trillion in assets. Wells Fargo’s vision is to satisfy our customers’ financial needs and help them succeed financially. Founded in 1852 and headquartered in San Francisco, Wells Fargo provides banking, investment and mortgage products and services, as well as consumer and commercial finance, through 7,400 locations, more than 13,000 ATMs, the internet (wellsfargo.com) and mobile banking, and has offices in 32 countries and territories to support customers who conduct business in the global economy. With approximately 260,000 team members, Wells Fargo serves one in three households in the United States. Wells Fargo & Company was ranked No. 29 on Fortune’s 2019 rankings of America’s largest corporations. News, insights and perspectives from Wells Fargo are also available at Wells Fargo Stories. www.wellsfargo.com | Twitter: @WellsFargo 
 Connections working at Wells Fargo 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 CodeV Optical Engineer 
 __  San Francisco, California 
 
 
 
 
 Kura AR 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 Account Manager – Central Region (USA) 
 __  Nationwide 
 
 
 Gooch & Housego 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Optical Engineer 
 __  Wakefield, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Optikos Corporation 
 __4 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
