Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant 
 Bayer 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Bayer is a global enterprise with core competencies in the Life Science fields of health care and agriculture. Its products and services are designed to benefit people and improve their quality of life. At Bayer you have the opportunity to be part of a culture where we value the passion of our employees to innovate and give them the power to change 
 Administrative Assistant - Radiology (6 month contract) 
 Your tasks and responsibilities 
 The primary responsibilities of this role, Administrative Assistant, are to: 
 Reporting to the Radiology Country Head, the Administrative Assistant will provide ongoing support to the Radiology Business Unit. This position will support the achievement of business objectives through the coordination of logistics, caretaking of business reimbursements, liaising with platform partners and managing of information as detailed below. 
 Key Tasks: 
Support the Radiology Country Head 
Support RAD Country Head with Local and Regional Projects and Global Brand Team support (logistics, minute taking, PMO) 
Caretaker of RAD Commercial Policy and Records Management 
Support RAD on any Pharma Audit 
Act as lead for key Business processes and act as change champion for the team (SmartBuy, IAMs, EDFs, Cheq Reqs, SharePoint maintenance etc.) 
Input T&E expenses and previewing of expense reports for direct reports on Concur 
Coordinate travel arrangements 
Minute taking for RAD meetings (MT and Townhalls), Agenda design, Workshop design and facilitation 
Activate any RAD team campaigns, group event and be an ambassador for theme/culture activation 
Support the Sales, Service, Data Strategy & Analytics, and Marketing functions 
PO creation in SmartBuy and SAP Intercompany POs 
Logistics for internal meetings, events (catering, travel arrangements) 
Organize International Day of Radiology 
 Meetings:  NBM / BR / Incentive trip organization 
Order office supplies and equipment 
Monthly Procurement Card reconciliation 
Manage SFDC honorarium, reimbursements, grants & sponsorship submissions 
Send cheques by mail or courier with appropriate cover letters 
Create translations request for the team. Liaise with requestor regarding questions/clarification required by translation agency 
Onboarding of new team members Rep Mailings 
Support the RAD team by updating and maintaining internal team resources and coordinating all team meetings 
Maintain department contact lists and org charts 
Manage SharePoint site and distribution lists both Canada and Americas 
 Who are you 
 Your success will be driven by your demonstrations of our LIFE values. More specifically related to this position, Bayer seeks an incumbent who possess the following: 
 Post secondary or college diploma, preferably in administrative/business studies. 
Min 5 years administrative support experience. 
 Advanced computer skills:  demonstrated proficiency with Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Professional, Adobe Publisher, MS Project, SAP, Photoshop 
Demonstrated ability for detail work and for initiative 
Ability to think outside the box and prepare creative solutions 
Superior organizational skills; strong ability to plan, organize, schedule and prioritize. 
Ability to maintain confidential or sensitive information. 
Works well as a team member, and independently; ability to liaise with other departments 
Excellent writing, proofreading, communication and customer service skills. 
Knowledge of healthcare environment and industry codes of practice is an asset 
Owner of business support processes such as issuing of rebates, customer satisfaction survey, development of commercial policy etc. 
 #LI-CA 
 Bayer welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Candidates participating in our selection process requiring accommodation due to a disability or medical need are encouraged to notify the Bayer representative that they will be meeting with to ensure appropriate arrangements can be made. 
 Location: 
 Canada :  Ontario : Mississauga 
 Division: 
Pharmaceuticals 
 Reference Code: 
68095 
 Job Segment:  Secretary, Medical, Proofreading, Copy Editor, Agricultural, Administrative, Creative, Healthcare, Agriculture 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
