Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenure-Track Assistant/Associate Professor in Science Communications 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday 8:30 a.m to 4:30 p.m. 
Education Level Doctoral Degree 
Career Level Tenure-Track Assistant Professor 
 Job Description 
 Faculty of Science, School of Interdisciplinary Science 
Tenure-Track Assistant or Associate Professor in Science Communication 
 The School of Interdisciplinary Science (SIS) at McMaster University invites applications for a tenure track position in Science Communication at the Assistant or Associate Professor level to begin on September 1 2020. Established in 2016, SIS is the youngest academic unit in the Faculty of Science and is home to three interdisciplinary undergraduate programs in Integrated Science, Life Sciences, and Medical Radiation Sciences. The School was created with the mandate to foster exploration and discovery while emphasizing experiential, collaborative, and student-centred learning. SIS forms a hub for pedagogical innovation, science literacy, and STEM-based community engagement in the Faculty of Science. 
 We wish to recruit a scholar whose research program addresses questions on the impact of science literacy on society, public engagement, news and media discourse and/or policy development with a focus on science communication. Applicants are invited from science and technology studies, communication and media studies, digital humanities, biomedical knowledge translation and related fields. The candidate must have demonstrated research and teaching expertise in relevant fields, be capable of establishing a vibrant extramurally funded research program to illuminate and inform the work of the School, hold a PhD at the time of appointment and have relevant professional experience in science communication. 
 The successful applicant is expected to engage undergraduate and graduate students in the classroom and research to develop novel pedagogical approaches that integrate science communication with the course content. In addition, they are also expected to contribute to administrative and teaching duties associated with a planned Masters in Science Communication program. 
 SIS is a collaborative environment and interaction with members of the School will support the development of a dynamic research program and an innovative teaching portfolio consistent with the interdisciplinary mandate of the School. The School has close ties with the Thode Science and Engineering Library and the MacPherson Institute for Leadership, Innovation and Excellence in Teaching. Associate membership in another department within the Faculty of Humanities and or the Faculty of Health Sciences, may be considered at the time of the appointment. 
 McMaster University is a globally renowned institution of higher learning and a research community committed to advancing human and societal health and well-being. Our focus on collaboratively exchanging ideas and approaches makes us uniquely positioned to pioneer ground breaking solutions to real-world problems leading to a Brighter World. The Faculty of Science works to create global impact by advancing scientific discovery and knowledge, and promoting greater understanding. Our innovative, interdisciplinary approach generates new methods and insights, results, and lasting change. 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity among faculty and staff that reflects the diversity of our student body. The successful candidate will be committed to inclusion and excellence and the School is especially interested in candidates who can contribute, through their teaching and/or service, to the diversity of the academic community. Women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Metis and Inuit persons, members of racialized communities and LGBTQ-identified persons are strongly encouraged to apply. 
 Faculty members at McMaster University enjoy numerous personal and professional benefits. University employees are offered an excellent benefits package that includes, but is not limited to, extended health care benefits, dental care, group life, long term disability, worldwide travel assistance, and a retirement plan. Progressive policies are in place to assist faculty members who become parents or who need to care for family members. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 How To Apply 
 Application package must include a cover letter, curriculum vitae (including a list of relevant works related to science communication), a demonstration of professional experience in the appropriate field, a statement of teaching philosophy, a diversity statement describing your commitment to and demonstrated experience advancing equity, diversity and inclusion in post-secondary education, community-based or other professional settings, and the names of three references with contact information to be used for short-listed candidates. 
 Applications must be made online at https://hr.mcmaster.ca/careers (Faculty Positions, Job ID 30030) to the attention of Dr. Ana Campos, Director, School of Interdisciplinary Science, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, L8S 4K1. 
 Review of complete applications will begin August 1, 2020 and continue until the position is filled. All applicants will receive an on-line confirmation of receipt of their application; however, only short-listed applicants will be contacted for interviews. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
