Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Chemical News 
 
 Latest News 
 Research News 
 Academic News 
 Events 
 
 
 Chemistry Articles 
 Job 
 
 Job News 
 Chemistry Jobs 
 
 
 Videos 
 More Chemistry 
 Contact Us 
 
   
 world of chemicals 
 Biggest online chemical portal - Buy - Sell - Trade - Transport Chemicals 
 Search 
 03.25.14 
 by  worldofchemicalsmedia 
 Hot Chemistry Jobs Of The Week 
 
 BASF 
 Lab Technician I 
 BASF Corporation- Huntsville, UNITED STATES 
 Job Description 
 BASF Corporation are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.BASF Corporation make the chemistry and technology used in vehicle catalytic convertors and other environmentally smart products.  Read more & apply 
 
 BioAmber 
 Senior Engineer 
 BioAmber- Houston, UNITED STATES 
 Job Description 
 Reporting to the Vice President, Catalysis , the Senior Engineer will be responsible for executing, and reporting experimental programs for further analysis toward the goal of new/improved commercial catalysts and catalytic processes.The Senior Engineer should have an MSChE or BSChE degree in chemical engineering.Strong knowledge of laboratory and pilot plant scale reactors.Industrial approach to selecting, testing and improving heterogeneous catalysis.Senior engineer is expected to interact effectively with other scientists, engineers, and business people within the company. Read more & apply 
 
 BASF 
 Chemical Processor 
 BASF Corporation- Elyria, UNITED STATES 
 Job Description 
 BASF Corporation at Elyria, OH manufacturing site is seeking candidates for the position of chemical processor. BASF Corporation are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Read more & apply 
 
 Johnson Matthey Plc 
 EHS Manager 
 Johnson Matthey Plc- Billingham, UNITED KINGDOM 
 Job Description 
 Johnson Matthey Plc are looking to recruit a highly motivated EHS Manager to provide leadership on site EHS strategy and to develop effective working practices that supports the continuous improvement in EHS culture and performance throughout the Chilton site.Reporting to the Site Manager, you will lead a team of EHS Advisors to provide best practice EHS guidance and risk management to a class leading standard, in support of a diverse range of activities such as capital project design and construction, technology development, research and site operations, health management and environmental protection. Read more & apply 
 
 The Dow Chemical Company 
 Analytical Chemist 
 The Dow Chemical Company- Collegeville, UNITED STATES 
 Job Description 
 The Dow Chemical Company has an opening for a R&D; Analytical Chemist in Collegeville, PA supporting Dow Consumer & Industrial Solutions (DC&IS;). This position is for our future technology facility in Collegeville, PA (expected to begin work in our Spring House, PA facility and transition to new facility in the 2nd half of 2014) with an initial short training period in Buffalo Grove, IL. The selected candidate will be part of a diverse technical team responsible for the innovation of new products and the support of current operations & technologies associated with the Industrial Care market segment. Read more & apply 
 
 wacker 
 Chemical Operator Trainee 
 Wacker Chemical Corporation- Calvert, UNITED STATES 
 Job Description 
 The chemical operator trainee is an hourly union rated position. The work schedule will be seven day/twelve hour rotating shift. The position is responsible for performing chemical operator duties involved with the manufacture of VAE dispersions (vinyl acetate/ethylene emulsions). Read more & apply 
 
 Cytec Industries Inc. 
 Operations Engineer 
 Cytec Industries Inc.- Mount Pleasant, UNITED STATES 
 Job Description 
 Cytec Industries Inc. is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, or protected veteran status. Read more & apply 
 
 Avantor Performance Materials 
 Quality Engineer 
 Avantor Performance Materials- Phillipsburg, UNITED STATES 
 Job Description 
 The Quality Engineer provides support to manufacturing with quality related issues, including but not limited to customer complaints, Out of Control/Out Of Specification investigations, CAPAs, Process Validations, Batch Production Record, Work Instruction and Procedure revision and Management of Change. Read more & apply 
 
 Evonik Industries AG 
 Director (m/f) Project Business EMEA 
 Evonik Industries AG- Darmstadt, GERMANY 
 Job Description 
 The Director Project Business Injectable Formulation & Manufacturing Services ensures sustainable growth of the Evonik Health Care business by strengthening the project pipeline of the Pharma Polymers & Services activities in the EMEA region. Read more & apply 
 
 NOVA Chemicals Corporation 
 Risk Scientist 
 NOVA Chemicals Corporation- Calgary, Alberta, CANADA 
 Job Description 
 This role is critical to the focused operation of NOVA Chemicals Corp. in our on-going effort to manage the risk to the public and company in our ongoing operation. As part of the Corporate Process Safety team the Risk Scientist/Engineer will work with the operating facilities and the wealth of information and techniques available in academia and other domains. Expertise will be required to understand and communicate what acceptable risk is with a particular focus on both clarity, consistency and communication in methodologies for modeling. Read more & apply 
 Related 
 Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Computational fluid dynamics for chemical reactor design 
 electricity in "living material," LED, saturated fats not linked to heart, carbon nanotubes -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 World of Chemicals - Latest Feeds 
   Subscribe in a reader 
 
 NewsLetter SignUp 
  Over 5000 People who get free and fresh content delivered everyday - Now Never Miss an Update from chemical industry 
 Blog Visitors 
 
 47,812 hits 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 40 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
   Latest Feeds 
 
 
 Fishing for clues for diabetes, MyConcrete: BASF’s new app and More  March 19, 2019 
 
 
 Zinc Chloride – Synthesis, Purification and Uses and More  March 14, 2019 
 
 
 Chemistry of Northern Lights  March 8, 2019 
 
 
 Subscribe To Our Daily News Feed 
 Click Here To Subscribe   
 Subscribe to App.net news channel 
 Never miss any news now, just subscribe to our news channel you will receive notification straight to your mobile & tablets 
 Subscribe 
 Chemistry E-Newspaper 
 Subscribe to our daily chemistry E-newspaper and get know all the latest news, research, articles, technology and events across chemical industry straight to your inbox 
 Subscribe Today 
 Subscribe to youtube channel 
 Subscribe 
 Follow our vimeo channel 
 
 LinkedIn Profile 
   
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 QR Code 
   Click to scan QR code 
 Archives 
 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 September 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 
 Recent Tags 
 About chemistry   Alzheimer’s dementia   antibiotic   Calcium carbonate   cancer research   chemistry news   Chemistry Videos   Learn chemistry   Nasal spray   online chemistry   Santa Barbara   silicones   silver   textile industry   University of California 
 Blog History 
 
 
 
 March 2014 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Feb   Apr » 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 Chemistry of Dyes 
 
   
 
 CHEMISTRY OF PLASTICS & POLYMER 
 
   
 
 Interesting facts about Hydrochloric acid 
 Recent Tweets 
 
 @ SONGWON  to increase prices due to higher freight rates To know more:   worldofchemicals.com/media/songwon-…   #worldofchemicals …   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  posted  1 month ago 
 @ AdnocGroup , @ WanhuaChemical  to form shipping joint venture To know more:   shorturl.at/cyzE3  Download Chemical…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  posted  5 months ago 
 
 Follow @worldofchemical 
 Facebook 
 
 Facebook 
 
 We Love your comments 
 
 
 
 
 Gastradamus  on  Chemistry of fear! 
 
 
 
 
 
 Mudit Blogs  on  Discovering new chemical … 
 
 
 
 babl  on  Researchers develop soft, stre… 
 
 
 
 Nav Free 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Chemical News 
 
 Latest News 
 Research News 
 Academic News 
 Events 
 
 
 Chemistry Articles 
 Job 
 
 Job News 
 Chemistry Jobs 
 
 
 Videos 
 More Chemistry 
 Contact Us 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
