Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Faculty Position, Division of Developmental Pediatrics 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Department of Pediatrics at McMaster University and McMaster Children’s Hospital are seeking a full-time academic physician to join the Division of Developmental Pediatrics. The successful candidate will be considered a clinician educator who can demonstrate a background in clinical research. The successful candidate will be expected to have expertise in the diagnosis and management of Neuro Developmental Disorders, and will share the responsibility of comprehensive clinical services, education and research in developmental pediatrics. 
 McMaster University is internationally recognized for innovations in medical education and pioneering biomedical, epidemiological and health systems research. Located in Hamilton, on the edge of Lake Ontario and the picturesque Niagara escarpment, McMaster Children’s Hospital is a tertiary referral centre serving a population of more than 2.3 million. The Division of Developmental Pediatrics is located at the Ron Joyce Children’s Health Centre (RJCHC), a custom built, state-of-the-art facility, that includes the Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) services, Developmental Pediatric Rehabilitation services (DPR) and Children and Youth Mental Health Programs (CYMP) all under one roof. The Ron Joyce Children’s Health Centre offers a collegial atmosphere and a unique academic environment with three research centres including CanChild, MacArt and Offord Centre that provide excellent research opportunities and mentorship. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada - or - No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada. 
 Applicants should be certified (or eligible for certification) in Pediatrics and Developmental Pediatrics by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and must be licensed (or eligible for licensure) in the Province of Ontario. 
 For more information on the Department of Pediatrics, visit www.fhs.mcmaster.ca/pediatrics. 
 How To Apply 
 Interested candidates should submit a curriculum vitae and letter of interest to: 
 Angelo Mikrogianakis 
 c/o Elizabeth Fonseca, Office of the Chair 
 Department of Pediatrics, McMaster University 
 Email:  pedsprt@mcmaster.ca 
 Phone:  905-521-2100 ext. 73141 
 Fax:  905-570-8967 
 2100 Main Street West, HSC 3A 
 Hamilton, ON L8N 3Z5 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
