  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Community Manager, Bristol 
 at Runway East 
 go back to Customer Support Jobs 
 
 
 __Bristol 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤22000 - ₤28000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Bristol 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤22000 - ₤28000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 **Only applications made via Workable  will be considered. 
 ** 
 Elevator Pitch: The Company. Us. Runway East. 
 At Runway East, we're a team of tech lovers, entrepreneurs, ex-startup founders and customer service advocates, who go above and beyond to keep our companies thriving. It's been 6 years, and we've grown to five locations, over 2,000 members and watched our companies raise over £500 million. We're here to make good work, with good people. And we're here to have fun. Incomparable company, superstar service, dogs on demand, Cake Wednesdays and our infamous Friday beer trolley - these are all things we build into creating happiness every day. But what really sets us apart from the coworking crowd is us. 
 Runway East has a strong brand, passionate customer base and most importantly, a product customers genuinely love. Covid has presented challenges, but it has also presented opportunities. The way of working has been flipped upside down and the demand for flexibility is greater than ever. We're ready to take full advantage of that. 
 Elevator Pitch: The Job. It 's a great job. We promise. 
 We are on the hunt for an organised, enthusiastic and self-starting Community Manager to run building operations and make sure our members feel supported and inspired in their new home. We are looking for someone ambitious, organised, smart and detail-orientated to ensure we continue to provide exceptional customer service and keep all our moving parts moving. 
 We need someone who thrives on operational excellence and problem solving, someone who can lead and develop a team, naturally social who builds relationships and facilitates connections. 
 You'll be the first port of call for our members so an unwavering pursuit of exceptional customer service is essential. Experience in a fast-paced environment with high levels of transparency and growth is key. You should thrive in an unpredictable work environment, you'll think fast, get your hands dirty and be a port in the storm. 
 What You 'll Be Doing 
 Keeping our operations moving 
 Operations are the bedrock of this role and the small things really do matter. You keep the standards high, everything in its place exactly where members need it, when they need it. You're proud to run a space that looks great, nothing less than perfect spaces for our members. You're a problem solver who's not afraid to get your hands dirty to resolve issues before members know they're issues. This kingdom is yours, and you will guard it with your life (not your life, but you know, you'll make sure we keep it nice). You're not afraid to be disruptive, you'll challenge systems, improve processes and make us more efficient than we were yesterday. 
 Making your own mark on our fun, energised co-working culture 
 You're naturally sociable, the life of the party, you find it easy to make new friends and close relationships. You'll bring passion, personality and spirit to our beloved workspace, making sure our members feel like part of a family - supported, listened to and connected to a like-minded network. You'll be the best-placed person in the company to know how our members are feeling, and you'll use their feedback (and your brilliantly creative mind) to think up new ways to improve our space, events and community. 
 Leadership, learning and development 
 In this role, you'll lead our Bristol Community team. You'll have an unquenchable thirst for new information and will take your team's development as seriously as your own. You'll be an effective delegator and be able to bring the best out of others, developing their skills and leading your team to deliver an amazing service. 
 Who You Are 
 The Non-Negotiables 
 Operational expertise:   With so many plates in the air, we need someone with proven experience in operations. You're naturally resourceful with serious problem-solving skills. You're a confident communicator, cool and calm under pressure and bring a "can do", "work it out", "that's my job", "I'll sort it" mentality to work. 
 Passion for people:   It's about building relationships with our members, about seeing connections and opportunities for them, about getting to the bottom of what they want and delivering it to them with warmth, generosity and 5-star service. Previous work experience in hospitality or other customer-facing roles is essential. 
 Exceptional organisation:   Time management and attention to detail are paramount - you'll be able to juggle a lot of different things at once, whilst keeping our members at the forefront of everything you do. 
 Most of all, we need someone who will throw their all into our mission. We need someone who will join us in going above and beyond to build something great. 
 Benefits 
 What About the Money? 
 £22,000 - £28,000 depending on experience 
 Anything else? 
 Besides working with the greatest people in the world? Well… 
 
 28 days annual leave including bank holidays - plus 3 extra days over the Christmas break and your birthday off! 
 Earn an extra days holiday for every year you're at RWE (max 5) 
 Vitality Health  insurance & half price gym membership 
 Perks at work  - a vast range of rewards and retail discounts 
 Regular socials and team retreats (Rhodes, Vilnius, Barcelona & Alicante so far…) 
 
 More About Us 
 Still, reading? Fantastic! So, Runway East provides a springboard for entrepreneurs: a working space, a supportive team, years of experience. We help nurture new ideas into new businesses, and we love doing it. 
 These are our values, if you share them, let's talk. 
 Community Obsessed.  You understand our members and their needs - delivering world-class service with enthusiasm and charm. You see every challenge as an opportunity to delight our members. 
 Open.  You are open-minded and engaged. You own your mistakes and take steps to actively learn from them. You give and receive feedback with positive intent to develop yourself and the business. 
 Give a Damn.  You are continuously driving yourself to improve. You care about the little things and you take pride in doing them well - you care about the company, our members and your teammates. 
 Entrepreneurial.  You question the status quo and stand up to fix things, taking the initiative to find and deliver solutions. You are resilient and determined and when the going gets tough, you don't give up. 
 **Fired up by what you 've read so far? Hit apply, we want to meet you! We're aiming to hold first stage phone interviews week commencing 25th January. ** 
 Published at 12 Jan 2021 - Expires on 22 Jan 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Runway East 
 fulltime  Community Manager, London  at Runway East in London 
 __12-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
