
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 Englewood, Colorado-based TTEC has been around since 1982, and is a business process outsourcing company. It provides services around the world, and operates delivery centers in 24 countries. TTEC provides work-from-home situations for consultants, customer service professionals, students, and veterans. In fact, the company employs more than 20,000 work-at-home employees. 
**Pay can vary greatly, depending on your level of experience and area of expertise. For example, management consultants, who help organizations identify strategies to increase efficiency, can make anywhere from $17 to $170 an hour, on average, according to PayScale. RenoFi, an online marketplace for home renovation loans, is seeking renovation project consultants to review and report on the feasibility of residential construction projects. The job listing does not specify pay rates but notes that ideal candidates may have worked previously as a general contractor, a position that pays an average $15 to $63 an hour, according to PayScale. Work From Home  ** 
**The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. Work From Home  ** 
Owning a business can be a good path to working from home. For an initial investment, franchises offer an established business with brand awareness, a business model, a territory and maybe even access to capital. There are franchise opportunities in mailing and shipping, cosmetics, travel, marketing, employment and staffing, retail and many more industries.  Work At Home 
_It’s becoming increasingly important for businesses to have a presence on social media. If you have a knack for using social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, you could work from home by helping businesses promote their brand and their products through social-media marketing. This job is in the top 20 for postings at ZipRecruiter. Work From Home  _ 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively.  Work From Home 
 The company attempts to match individuals with companies based on specific experience and skills. Some of the industries you may find yourself working in include direct response, financial services, healthcare, insurance, retail, technology, telecommunications, utilities, and travel and hospitality. Along the way, the company offers community support, career development, flexible vacation time, and even healthcare. However, some positions are independent contractors.  Work At Home Jobs 
 Like “social distancing,” “contact tracer” may be a term you’d never heard of before 2020, but now seems to be everywhere. These disease detectives track down all the people who an infected person has been in contact with recently and let them know about their exposure, as well as what they should do next to prevent spreading the coronavirus further. Contact tracing is considered to be a key step in overcoming the pandemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization.  Work From Home 
_As a member of the SYKESHome Work At Home team, you’ll be working remotely, primarily handling customer service related positions. These include customer service representatives, team leads, and support positions. But their extensive list of work from home positions includes system engineers, teacher quality evaluators, bilingual Spanish/English and French/English customer service reps, as well as area manager IT client services. Work From Home  _ 
 Nowadays, people are going online to find experts at things they themselves may be struglging with. A growing trend is hiring an expert versus hiring a large company to come in and help fix problems. One resource is Catalant, which hires out experts from $15 an hour to $280 an hour. That's one option if you're looking to help others with your knowledge. 
 The company offers placements with many of the biggest employers in the US and globally. Many of the positions are in accounting and finance, administrative positions, the automotive field, engineering, information technology and call centers. But as such a large and well-established employment firm, you can expect to find just about any type of position that fits your skill set. Work From Home   
Believe it or not, you don’t have to be a CPA to start bookkeeping. Just sign up for a bookkeeping course at a community college or even online (such as this course from The Accounting Coach). Once you complete a course, you can start earning, and the median salary is reportedly $34,000. (Some stay-at-home bookkeepers I've spoken with personally make more than $70,000.)  Work At Home 
 Owning a business can be a good path to working from home. For an initial investment, franchises offer an established business with brand awareness, a business model, a territory and maybe even access to capital. There are franchise opportunities in mailing and shipping, cosmetics, travel, marketing, employment and staffing, retail and many more industries. [Work At Home](http://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM&feature=share) 
_Appen once again took the top spot on the FlexJobs list. The Australia-based technology services company also has offices in the US, as well as employment opportunities in more than 130 companies. In fact, the company claims more than one million contractors employed globally. As you might expect, they work with some of the biggest companies in the world, especially large technology organizations. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 You’ll also need to be sure your workspace is comfortable. “A good strategy is to implement is a standing desk,” recommends Anthony Montenegro, Founder of The Blackmont Group. “Brands such as Varidesk even come as handy low-cost laptop versions. Taking intermittent standing breaks while continuing to labor productively at your desk can break the monotony of sitting all day.” 
**Believe it or not, you don’t have to be a CPA to start bookkeeping. Just sign up for a bookkeeping course at a community college or even online (such as this course from The Accounting Coach). Once you complete a course, you can start earning, and the median salary is reportedly $34,000. (Some stay-at-home bookkeepers I've spoken with personally make more than $70,000.) Work From Home Jobs  ** 
_The salesman didn't die; he's just working from home. Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. Some higher-level positions may even manage a sales team. Many of the opportunities may require some travel once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
