Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Laboratory Manager, Pre-Analytics / Clinical Genetics 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Laboratory Manager, Pre-Analytics / Clinical Genetics 
 Status:  Full Time 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 The Laboratory Medicine and Genetics (LMG) program is a large, complex program that operates across 3 sites and encompasses a range of modalities, including biochemistry, microbiology, hematology, transfusion medicine, flow cytometry, anatomical pathology, specimen collection services, as well as a regional genetics program. Over 6,000,000 tests are performed annually with more than 2,000 specimens arriving daily. A continually expanding Point-of-Care Testing (POCT) program is supported under the umbrella of a robust Laboratory Quality Management System. The program supports an active learning environment with learners in all roles. 
 We are looking for a strong leader who will lead and manage all aspects of the program’s Pre-Analytics and Clinical Genetics service including blood collection, ECGs, laboratory receiving and clinic workflow. This includes leadership in the coordination, evaluation and continuous improvement of program activities and collaboration in the development of the program strategic and operational plans. 
 The preferred candidate has proven leadership and management skills including: engaging and leading teams, change management, excellent communication skills and high emotional intelligence. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Manage all aspects of employee relations including:  recruitment, development, retention, attendance and performance 
In collaboration with the Employee Health, Safety and Wellness Department, responsible for providing a safe working environment for staff and supporting safety initiatives 
Implement innovative ideas that enhance service 
Structure and support communication between members of the inter-professional team, including partners and stakeholders 
Guide development of and approve policies, processes and procedures that align with the Quality Management System 
Responds quickly and effectively to quality and risk issues and leads teams in improvement initiatives 
Analyze and apply performance metrics to aid in decision-making and continuous quality improvement opportunities 
Develop and manage cost centre budgets and accountable for an annual balanced budget 
In collaboration with the Laboratory Medicine and Genetics leadership team, takes a leadership role in program development, improvement, and evaluation 
Ability to engage and empower others to work towards a common goal through coaching and mentoring of staff. 
 KEY QUALIFICATIONS: 
Baccalaureate degree in a health-related discipline and/or member in good standing of the College of Medical Laboratory Technologists of Ontario (CMLTO) 
Three years of formal or informal leadership experience, and at least 5 years relevant experience in a hospital or clinical laboratory setting 
 Proven leadership and management skills including:  critical and innovative thinking, problem solving, decision making, and managing projects and change 
Strong initiative with the ability to formulate long range goals and objectives 
Strong business management skills (strategic planning, budgeting, resource allocation, coordinating, managing projects and analytics) 
Proven experience in leading collaboratively with physician partner(s) 
Ability to function effectively and lead during periods of rapid change and transition 
 Registrations/Membership Requirements: 
CMLTO 
 Position Location and Travel:  Travel between all sites of Trillium Health Partners is required. 
 Internal candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
