PJ Bottoms Blog 
 Poetry,TV and TV talk 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Teacup Pomeranians 
 TV Shows: The Ones I Watch 
 
 Memo to Candidates: How far will you go to get my vote? {Best Week Ever} 
 April 28, 2008 
 I 'm always up for a good laugh , but not when Presidential Candidates make a mockery of the democratic process. The commentators on VH1's  Best Week Ever  remarked that Americans witnessed the end of democracy when Senators  Clinton ,  Obama , and  McCain   made appearances (via satellite)  on WWE. So I ask the candidates if they would consider a few more challenges? How far out of the box (or out of their minds) are they willing to go to get our votes? I drafted the following memo of future suggestions: 
 
 TO: The 2008 Presidential Candidates 
 FROM: An American Citizen and Registered Voter 
 SUBJECT: How far will you go to Get My Vote? 
 Dear Senators: 
 Thank you for participating in the latest WWE match aired on the USA network. Your appearances generated hope for Americans that you three will go to great lengths to make us want you to be our next president. How much farther are you willing to go? I have generated a list of possibilities for your consideration: 
 1)  WWE will have a rematch at the Democratic National Convention. At the Republican Convention, John McCain, Ron Paul, and Mike Huckabee will hold a Dance Dance Revolution contest. The Independents will celebrate Earth Day again. 
 2)  The Electoral College will be comprised of veterans, inner-city high school teachers, and Oprah's Book Club. 
 3)  The President will appoint a new Committee for Celebrity Assistance. Celebrities will be on call to visit victims of natural disasters and sign autographs. 
 4)  The Inaugural Ball parties will focus on honoring the men and women who serve or have served in our armed forces. Note to VP: You will be required to serve punch. 
 3)  Military bands will now be playing at the funerals of fallen soldiers and at US airports to officially welcome our soldiers home. If you insist that someone play  Hail to the Chief  when you walk in a room, hire your own DJ. 
 4)  Televised debates are annoying, so the next debates will be between Nationally Syndicated Talk Radio hosts. This time you candidates will ask the questions and the media will just shut up for once. 
 5)  The American taxpayers will no longer furnish your private apartments in the White House. You may bring your own furniture, or buy furniture off of Craig's List like everyone else. 
 6)  The exterior of the White House will remain white, but inside it's all green, baby! (No more indoor plumbing). 
 7)  All State Dinners will be Pot-Luck. 
 8)  All flights on Air Force One must be corporate sponsored. I have to find money to pay for fuel, so why shouldn't you? 
 9)  Official speeches will be written by local 7th and 8th grade winners of the  Power of the Pen  contest. 
 10)  The Department of Education will change to the Department of Homeland Citizenship (DHC). The DHC will be responsible for helping immigrants pass the citizenship test and receive the documents they need to go to college. You will have to trust elected officials of state and local government take responsibility of public education. 
 Thank you in advance for your time and consideration. 
 Cc: American Public 
 Rate this: 
 Leave a Comment »  |   America ,  blogs ,  Celebrity ,  Comedy ,  Creative Writing ,  Critics ,  Debates ,  Democracy ,  Entertainment ,  First Amendment ,  Humor ,  Mainstream Press ,  Media ,  Military ,  Natural Disasters ,  News ,  parody ,  Political Satire ,  Pop Culture ,  Reality TV ,  soldiers ,  tabloid press ,  Talk shows ,  Television ,  Uncategorized ,  United States of America ,  Vetrans ,  Vh1 ,  White House  | Tagged:  Air Force One ,  American Citizen ,  American taxpayers ,  Assistance ,  autographs ,  Best Week Ever ,  Celebrity ,  Craig's List ,  Democracy ,  democratic process ,  Department of Education ,  Department of Homeland Security ,  elected officials ,  Electorial College ,  end of democracy ,  Entertainment ,  Exterior of the White House ,  farce ,  First Ammendment ,  future ,  future job requirements ,  get our votes ,  Hail to the Chief ,  helping immagrants ,  Hillary Clinton ,  indoor plumbing ,  Innagural Ball ,  Inner City Teachers ,  job requirements ,  John McCain ,  Media ,  memo ,  Military ,  Military Bands ,  Nationally Syndicated ,  Natural Disasters ,  Oprah's Book Club ,  parody ,  parties ,  pass citizenship test ,  public education ,  Radio Talk Show Hosts ,  Reality TV ,  Registered Voter ,  responsibibity ,  satire ,  Senator Clinton ,  Senator Obama ,  shut up ,  soldiers ,  state and local government ,  state dinners ,  Televised Debates ,  Television ,  TV ,  USA Network ,  Vetrans ,  Vh1 ,  White House ,  WWE  |   Permalink 
Posted by pjbottoms 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jan 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Blog of Interest 
 English Fail 
 FAIL BLOG 
 Reality TV Updates 
 TheImproper.com’s Weblog 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Dr. Phil 
 
 Dr. Phil Random Quote Generator 
 
 
 
 Political Discussion Links 
 
 Real Clear Politics - Best of the Blogs 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 July 2015 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 April 2009 
 
 
 March 2009 
 
 
 January 2009 
 
 
 December 2008 
 
 
 November 2008 
 
 
 October 2008 
 
 
 September 2008 
 
 
 August 2008 
 
 
 July 2008 
 
 
 June 2008 
 
 
 May 2008 
 
 
 April 2008 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Addressing Some Criticism Of Blackfish 
 8 Travel Itineraries for English Literature Lovers 
 New content coming soon! 
 MELISSA GORGA: Ghostwriter Will Prolly Take Blame… MORE Amazon Customer Reviews!! 
 Al Manzo's Mistress Was the REAL Drama Behind the Scenes This Season of RHONJ 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Addressing Some Criticism Of Blackfish 
 8 Travel Itineraries for English Literature Lovers 
 New content coming soon! 
 MELISSA GORGA: Ghostwriter Will Prolly Take Blame... MORE Amazon Customer Reviews!! 
 Al Manzo's Mistress Was the REAL Drama Behind the Scenes This Season of RHONJ 
 Who cares about your dumb tennis match? {Real Housewives of NYC} 
 New Guinea Pigs arrive at the Dr. Phil House 
 A Nation of Village People {Judge Judy} 
 Tamra Barney takes out the trash {The Real Housewives of Orange County} 
 Gretchen and Tamara compete in a 6 karat boxing ring {The Real Housewives of Orange County} 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 892,195 hits 
 
 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 None 
 
 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Tamara Tattles 
 The Earthist Chronicles 
 TrashTalkTV 
 theplussideofme 
 The Orca Project 
 Lynnnchicago101's Blog 
 realhousewifeofaiken 
 Friendly Dish 
 TBB Reality 
 Pop South 
 Matt on Not-WordPress, mostly photos 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 America   blogs   Bravo TV   Celebrity   Comedy   Controversy   Critics   Debates   Drama   Entertainment   Fads   Family   Food   Humor   Mainstream Press   Mature Content   Media   News   opinion   parenting   PJ Bottoms   Pop Culture   Reality TV   Restaurants   tabloid press   talent   Talk shows   Television   TV Appearances   Uncategorized 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Tamara Tattles 
 Come for the tea. Stay for the shade. 
 The Earthist Chronicles 
 Whistling past the graveyard and wondering when the revolution will finally begin... 
 TrashTalkTV 
 theplussideofme 
 A blog about the life and fashions of a plus-size woman. 
 The Orca Project 
 Raising Awareness of the Captive Orca Industry 
 Lynnnchicago101's Blog 
 Real Housewives 
 realhousewifeofaiken 
 You fail only if you stop writing. 
 Friendly Dish 
 Suffering from an addiction to the ridiculous real housewives? You've come to the right place 
 TBB Reality 
 Where Reality TV meets Real Life 
 Pop South 
 Reflections on the South in Popular Culture 
 Matt on Not-WordPress, mostly photos 
 Stuff and things. 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.com is the best place for your personal blog or business site. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
