
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Here (S20) 
 Personal, Shareable, Flexible Video Rooms 
 Senior Video Engineer 
 $100k - $150k • 0.25% - 0.75% 
 Location 
 New York and Remote / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Here 
 Here is a new way for teams and friends to connect in personal, shareable and flexible video rooms. Our mission is to create a sense of closeness even if you’re worlds away. We do this by allowing people to create real-time, shared spaces where you meet to video chat, draw, write, upload pics and gifs, decorate and move around--all available in a web browser. Here is expressive, creative and fun. 
 Our team has deep expertise building social, consumer, collaboration and messaging products at companies like Facebook, Groupon and Instagram. We founded and sold multiple venture-backed startups, and we recently raised a healthy seed round from top-tier investors to help us build out the Here team. 
 About the role 
 Who You Are 
 
 You are a well-rounded engineer who has led the full life cycle of major projects. 
 You have had success designing and implementing WebRTC infrastructure. You understand it well enough to execute building the full stack of a video app. You know how to measure and optimize a WebRTC SFU to give users the best possible experience under varying client conditions. 
 You care deeply about the user. You want to blow their mind. 
 You’re a decisive builder, a shipper, and a craftsperson. 
 You move fast and work hard. 
 You’re comfortable working in a problem space with a lot of uncharted territory. 
 You do the right thing. 
 You are opinionated but open, you want the best idea to win. 
 
 What You’ll Do 
 
 You’ll be primarily responsible for improving and scaling Here’s video infrastructure. We use Janus as our SFU to allow groups of users to communicate in real-time. As we grow, you’ll help us measure and improve the quality of these calls, support new client platforms, and expand the reliable number of concurrent users in a room. You’ll work both on the back-end configuration and infrastructure, as well as client-side implementation. 
 You have the opportunity (requirement) to continually learn, teach, and step outside your comfort zone. 
 You will work closely with an experienced founding team and get exposed to the early days and decisions that will make a startup successful. 
 You will be responsible for the end-to-end execution of projects - from conception, through implementation, and measurement - that change the trajectory of Here. 
 As Here grows, your role will grow. We expect the early team to be exceptional, and to grow as exceptional leaders. 
 
 Our team is small--you’ll be one of our first few hires--which means you’ll have a lot of responsibility from the start. Here is an entirely new approach to video and personalization. At our most basic level, we’re building the way people want to interact with one another on video via the internet. We run lots of experiments, we take risks, we ship some really weird stuff. 
 To Apply 
 Feel free to use the WaaS message system or drop us a note at  [email protected]  about this role. Please include your LinkedIn, Github, and/or other relevant information that helps us understand who you are as a person and as a builder. Additionally, please check out  https://here.fm  and tell us what you think the product most needs. 
 Technology 
 Frontend:  JavaScript &nbsp 
 Backend:  Node and Firebase &nbsp 
 Video:  WebRTC and our own SFU 
 Other jobs at Here 
 Senior Full Stack Engineer 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $100k - $150k 
 0.25% - 1.00% 
 6+ years 
 Senior Product Designer 
 fulltime 
 New York / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 3+ years 
 Senior Video Engineer 
 fulltime 
 New York and Remote / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $100k - $150k 
 0.25% - 0.75% 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
