  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Agency Lead Germany 
 at Adzuna 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ €60000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ €60000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Job Title: Agency Lead Germany 
 Salary: €60,000 + Commission 
 Location: Germany (Remote) 
 About us: 
 Adzuna is a job search engine that lists every job, everywhere. From launch in the UK in 2011, we now have more than 10 million visitors a month and are busy conquering the world from our office in West London, helping millions of people find better, more fulfilling jobs. 
 The role: 
 Adzuna's success to date has been down to the skills, hard work and determination of the brilliant and diverse group of people we have hired across the globe. Right now, we're seeking an experienced recruitment agency lead, based in Germany, to actively shape the development and expansion of our revenue - strongest market in Europe. Our intention for this role is to bring in over 500k of additional programmatic agency revenue in Germany in 2021. 
 This is therefore an incredible opportunity for a real leader to help the company drive forward our internal focus on programmatic recruitment agencies, with special focus on Germany. We are already well-experienced in working with programmatic agencies in the UK and the US, however the role will be the lead in bringing our excellent tech resources and expertise onto the international stage, supporting us to hit our ambitious growth targets in 2021. 
 You'll be joining a growing and incredibly motivated team, working alongside a German account manager and reporting to the country manager of Germany as part of the overall international team here at Adzuna. The international team will benefit from your experience in the industry, especially working with German recruitment agencies to date but even more important is the passion you bring to work every day. You will strive for excellence, try new things, inspire and engage those around you and feel ownership of overall company success as well as pride in doing your bit. 
 What's in it for you? 
 What's in it for you? Adzuna is a growing scale-up, championing real change in the job market globally - using the power of tech to match people to better, more fulfilling jobs. We're at a really pivotal time in our journey and it's an exciting moment to join. We're growing rapidly in Germany, in particular on the back of cutting-edge programmatic technology, expanding our labour market data offerings and growing year on year (and hiring!) despite COVID-19. 
 Like everyone here, you will act like an owner, be a team player and make a difference. It's an opportunity to work with a smart team led by experienced management and dedicated and passionate founders. You have the chance to own your and the company's growth in terms of: 
 
 Scaling one of Adzuna's biggest markets in terms of revenue with incredible growth potential. 
 Developing into the go-to person here at Adzuna when it comes to sourcing and growing our agency business in Germany. 
 Defining our outlook on working with recruitment agencies and the development of programmatic recruitment technology that best serves our client needs in the coming years. 
 Learning both new people and professional skills every day by being part of a highly motivated, dynamic and constantly developing team of experts. 
 
 We want to realise the next level of success and you will utilise your own skills and experience across the international team and the German country management team to meet our goals. 
 It's not an easy feat, but our aim is to create a business of which we are all proud and an environment where you will love to be, where you can be yourself to do what you do best. 
 Requirements 
 We don't like to put people in boxes, but you're likely to be able to demonstrate experience of, or aptitude for much of the below: 
 
 Minimum 6 years of strong sales and business development experience, preferably in recruitment. 
 Good understanding of the recruitment industry landscape in Germany, especially regarding agencies. 
 Advanced knowledge of online performance matrices (CPC, CPA, etc.) 
 Fluency in English and German, strong communication skills, both verbal and written. 
 Strong numerical skills, able to analyse and optimise campaigns. 
 Excellent internal and external rapport builder/ people skills, establishing strong relationships. 
 The ability to advocate for good ideas regardless of where they come from. 
 Continuous improvement mentality. 
 Incredible work ethic, drive and passion. 
 
 It's a bonus if you have: 
 
 Knowledge of programmatic recruitment technology. 
 Wider European market experience or additional languages 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Reward We offer a competitive financial package which includes competitive base salary and commission, as well as stock options. 
 Wellbeing: We take the wellbeing of our employees seriously and have taken every step possible to protect the health and wellbeing of our people during COVID-19. Amongst other things, we offer healthcare coverage, access to free counselling and a programme of wellbeing activities and events. We have a flexible working policy and during COVID-19, for the foreseeable, no one is expected back in the office unless they choose to attend. We also run regular wellbeing workshops, offer enhanced maternity and paternity leave because we welcome people with families, and 25 days paid holiday per year. 
 Training: Through our Adzuna Academy training programme, attending (virtual) conferences, team training budgets, individual development plans and coaching from experienced and supportive peers and managers. 
 Fun stuff: An environment that is thoughtfully designed to allow for work and play including (when we're not restricted by COVID-19) a roof terrace, bar and table tennis. We have a packed social calendar, twice annual global team get-togethers and an enviable culture thanks to the amazing and smart people who make Adzuna a great place to work. Much of this is all done remotely at the moment of course - even during COVID-19 we are still managing to have a lot of fun 'together' thanks to our great Social Committee. 
 
 A bit more about Adzuna 
 Adzuna is a smarter, more transparent job search engine used by tens of millions of visitors per month. We love using the awesome power of technology to bring together every job in one place, help match people to better, more fulfilling jobs and keep the world working . 
 Adzuna.co.uk is a 100 person business operating across 16 territories and was founded in 2011 by Andrew Hunter and Doug Monro, formerly of eBay, Gumtree, Qype and Zoopla. 
 We are backed by leading Venture Capital firms Passion Capital, LocalGlobe, Index Ventures and Smedvig Capital. 
 We've spent a decade developing smarter, more transparent job search so jobseekers worldwide (we're in 16 countries) can zero in on the right role faster. 
 We also supply real-time data to the Number 10 Dashboard and Office for National Statistics labour market indices. In 2018, Adzuna won the contract to run Find a job, one of the British government's most used online services. 
 We treat jobseekers as people not as products. We do the same for our team, seeing the diverse range of strengths they bring to our business. Regardless of background, race, gender, sexuality or ability, we welcome everyone to our team. Our people are the most important asset we have. 
 Please let us know if we need to accommodate a disability during the hiring process, so that we can give you the support you need. 
 Published at 22 Dec 2020 - Expires on 22 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Adzuna 
 fulltime  Strategy Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __14-09-2020 
 fulltime  Campaign Analyst  at Adzuna in London 
 __01-10-2020 
 fulltime  Global Partnerships Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __25-11-2020 
 fulltime  B2B Marketing Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __01-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Perl Developer  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Development Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Customer Success Manager  at Adzuna in London 
 __22-12-2020 
 fulltime  Account Manager, France  at Adzuna in London 
 __04-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
