[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Head of Mobile Acquisition 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted November 2 
 Root Insurance 
 
 Overview 
 We are looking for a seasoned performance marketing leader with deep knowledge in demand generation channels, including Google UAC, Display, Youtube, Paid Social, and DSP. In this position, you'll own the P&L for demand generation spanning multiple products while scaling and leading a team of performance marketing managers. You will interact with product, data science, actuary, and brand team leaders and provide recommendations to the leadership team on marketing investment strategy to continually improve efficiency and unlock new opportunities. 
 Location: Columbus, OH or Remote (U.S. only) 
 What you 'll be doing. 
 
 Own marketing performance across the umbrella of demand generation channels (Google UAC, Display, YouTube, Paid Social, DSP, etc.), spanning multiple products and platforms (app and web). 
 Define and execute the overarching growth strategy and measures of success across these channels. 
 Lead a team of growth managers, analysts, and coordinators to achieve growth and marketing efficiency targets, optimizing campaigns to maximize customer LTV. 
 Identify new channels to scale while executing new targeting strategies to unlock new customer segments. 
 Own partner relationships and influence their product roadmaps, negotiate favorable commercial terms, and secure account support and resources to have the first-mover advantage of new product features as they are built. 
 Partner with the finance and actuarial teams to generate monthly/quarterly forecasts and state-level growth plan. 
 Partner with the Head of Demand Capture to ensure channel-specific objectives complement the team-wide monthly marketing plan. 
 Scale team, including building talent pipeline, hiring team, and building the foundation for consistent, scalable processes as the org grows. 
 Lead and project manage cross-functional working groups to drive high impact initiatives that support company-wide strategic goals. 
 Build strong relationships with key cross-org stakeholders to help build integrated programs (Brand Marketing, Content Marketing, Social Media Marketing, Partnerships). 
 Work alongside product team counterparts to drive conversion rate optimization across the entire funnel. 
 
 What we 're looking for. 
 
 5-10 years managing channels such as Google UAC, Display, Youtube, Paid Social, and DSP for high growth companies with a multi-million dollar annual marketing budget. 
 Proven experience rapidly and efficiently scaling marketing spend in a rapidly changing environment while onboarding new channels and unlocking new customer segments; specific expertise in scaling and unlocking new direct response mobile app channels. 
 Exceptional leadership skills and naturally collaborative; track record of building high-performance marketing teams. 
 Deep knowledge of online advertising and ad tech space; robust understanding of online advertising best practices. 
 Quantitative mindset, ideally with a strong technical background and education (degree in a quantitative area such as computer science, applied mathematics, econometrics, or one of the physical sciences a plus). 
 In-depth understanding of customer LTV and segmentation. 
 Experience with API-based programmatic buying, preferably working with technology teams directly integrating with major search engines or ad exchanges. 
 Direct-to-consumer marketing experience in insurance and/or a high growth tech company is a plus. 
 Proficiency with SQL, Python, and advanced Excel skills a plus. 
 
 
 Apply for job 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  136 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Instagram  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Email Designer 
 MailerLite  Advanced email marketing made simple. All plans include automation, landing pages and pop-ups. 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Designer
* December 25
 
 
 
 
 Relationship Manager 
 GitHub  How people build software 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Support
* November 11
 
 
 
 
 UI/UX Designer 
 Bold Penguin  The tech company that makes quoting and binding faster, simpler, and more profitable—with the largest commercial insurance exchange 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Designer
* November 26
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
