info@workrgroup.com 
 Call us  0208 10 60 000 
 © 2020 Workr Group Limited 
 __ 
   
 
 
 info@workrgroup.com 
 
 
 Call us  0208 10 60 000 
 
 
  Home  
 
 
 About 
 
 
   * Back
 
 
  About Workr  
  Our Team  
  Our Story  
  Our Clients  
  Workr Life  
  Work For Us  
 
 
 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
   * Back
 
 
  Services Overview  
  Umbrella Employment  
  Accounting and Personal Tax  
  Self Employed / CIS  
  International  
  Back Office / Agency Solutions  
  Compliance and IR35  
 
 
       * Back
 
 
  IR35 Hub  
 
 
           * Back
 
 
  Businesses and IR35  
  Contractors and IR35  
  Agencies and IR35  
  IR35 Sign-Up Form  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Client Area and Forms  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
   * Back
 
 
  Income Calculators  
  Knowledge Base  
  Blog  
 
 
 
 
 
  Contact us  
 
 
 Workr Solutions and JobAdder partner to deliver streamlined back-office and payroll solutions for Recruitment Entrepreneur 
 Recruitment Entrepreneur  have always been pioneers in providing recruitment solutions, looking for new ways of improving efficiency for the 19 portfolio partners within their recruitment group. So, when they were looking to expand their back-office and payroll provision to service demand within the constantly growing group, they had some key strategic decisions to make. 
 JobAdder,  a leader in the recruitment software industry, have been a close partner with Recruitment Entrepreneur since launching their CRM platform in the UK. They therefore decided that any back-office service provider they chose needed to fully integrate with JobAdder’s CRM. After researching several providers, Workr Solutions were selected on the premise of their outstanding track record and service, understanding of the group’s requirements, and shared vision of full platform integration with the CRM. 
 Following an introduction from Recruitment Entrepreneur, the two providers developed an API ensuring seamless data flow from one system to another. This allows complete visibility of all accountancy and payroll activity, across all 19 portfolio businesses, at a company and group level. Most importantly it has reduced immediate and long-terms costs, and dramatically improved efficiency and the end user contractor experience, resulting in excellent feedback. 
 Angus McDowell, CFO of Recruitment Entrepreneur commented, “What was so impressive was the collaboration between JobAdder and Workr Solutions. They worked hard over six months to deliver against the unique requirements of all our businesses, and the customer service levels have surpassed our expectations. Everyone in the group is trained and the result is that we have an automated system which facilitates the growth and scale of our group. We’ve already seen the efficiency it’s provided, along with the removal of any manual error”. 
 Abid Hamid, CEO for the group said, “The outcome of the introduction has been that both JobAdder and Workr Solutions can now offer a best in class product suite, that’s been robustly tried and tested by a wide range of businesses, that are both diverse and complex. As well as us now being able to provide this transformational new service to new portfolio partners as we further scale our operation; it’s also created the opportunity for the two providers to reach out to their respective clients with the option of providing a wider integrated solution”. 
 Darren Watts, Co-Founder of JobAdder, said of the partnership “"This has been an exciting initiative and we are thrilled to be partnering with Workr Solutions. The collaboration between JobAdder and Workr Solutions has provided Recruitment Entrepreneur with considerable efficiency gains and we look forward to offering this solution to other organisations across Europe." 
 Yves Bizimana, Managing Director of Workr Solutions advised, “'We were delighted to be the partner of choice and work alongside Job Adder. By working collaboratively from the outset we were able to define outcomes and what success would look like and use our insights to blend our people, processes and technology. The result is a compliant and future-fit solution, tailored to the way Recruitment Entrepreneur works, that delivers measurable return on investment.' 
 About Recruitment Entrepreneur 
 Recruitment Entrepreneur  is a multi-award-winning investor in recruitment businesses looking to start-up or scale. We won the Best Recruitment Business Investor 2020, alongside the Best Recruitment Start-Up Investment Firm 2020.Since 2014, we’ve invested in 30+ talented founders, enabling them to launch and scale successful businesses. 
 Our success lies in our ability to provide not just knowledge, but also knowhow. We have fostered a community of businesses that benefit from the expertise of our dedicated team who provide; funding, financial expertise, operational strategy, back-office support, legal advice, marketing and talent attraction solutions, all of which enable our partner businesses to flourish. 
 Investing time, money, and experience in people with the potential to become great leaders, we partner with and empower budding entrepreneurs to build world-class recruitment businesses, capable of achieving a high equity value on exit. We emphasise continual learning and development; supported by CASS Business School and accredited recruitment experts, every member of our portfolio receives professional training to help unlock their full potential. 
 About JobAdder 
 JobAdder  is a global, cloud-based recruitment management platform designed to simplify and automate complex processes, allowing recruiters to focus their time and energy on productive work. Backed by global software provider Seek, JobAdder connects users with over 200 job boards, and integrates with some of the world’s leading tech platforms and HR software providers. JobAdder has offices in Asia Pacific, North America and Europe. 
 About Workr Solutions 
 Workr Solutions is an integral part of the Workr Group, a leading employment services organisation. Workr Solutions provide innovative, outsourced back office support services to recruitment agencies and end clients that accelerate time to value. From pay and bill through to fully managed solutions that connect service excellence in credit control, invoice discounting, payroll and statutory accounts. Workr Solutions has offices in the UK, USA, UAE and India, and is an employer or record throughout Europe. 
 Trustpilot 
 
 How can we help? 
 
 About us 
 Umbrella Employment 
 Accounting & Personal Tax 
 Self-Employed / CIS 
 International 
 Back Office Solutions 
 Compliance & IR35 
 Contact us 
 Modern Slavery Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Our global presence 
 Manchester 
26 Cross Street 
Manchester 
M2 7AQ 
 London 
2 Stamford Square 
London 
SW15 2BF 
 Leeds 
Victoria House 
Bradford Road 
LS20 8NH 
 United Arab Emirates 
16th Floor 48 Burjgate 
Sheikh Zayed Road 
P O Box 57298 
 India 
1/2, Indraprasth Business Park 
Prahladnagar Extension 
Makarba, Ahmedabad- 380051 
Gujarat 
 USA 
106 Mission Court 
Suite 604 
Franklin, TN 37067 
 Let us call you back. 
 WG Callback 
 
 
 Email* 
 
 
 Contact no. 
 
 
 Name* 
 
 
 Consent* 
 
 
 I agree to the  privacy policy .* 
 I agree to the privacy policy. 
 
 © 2020 Workr Group Limited 
 info@workrgroup.com 
 Call us 0208 10 60 000 
 
       
