Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Aquatics Positions 2020 
 The Town of Caledon 
 __Caledon, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Description 
 Do you love working with people, have excellent customer service skills, an outgoing personality and a passion for fitness? We want to meet you! 
 The Opportunity: 
Our Recreation Team has various Aquatic Positions available within our facilities: 
 Aquafit Instructor 
Deck Supervisors 
Leadership Instructors 
Lifeguards 
Swimming Instructor 
 Our Aquafit Instructors: 
Prepare and implement the Aquafitness program content based on program objectives outlined by the Town and recognized certification agency (CALA, WaterART, etc.) 
Prepare program facilities, teaching material and equipment 
Provide program instruction/leadership at the appropriate skill level of participants 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 Current Aquafit Instructor certification from recognized agency (CALA, WaterART, etc.) 
 Our Deck Supervisors: 
Supervise aquatics staff. Ensure proper guard positions and alerts 
Prepare and implement program content based on program objectives outlined by the Town 
Prepare course facilities, teaching material and equipment. Prepare program outlines, lesson plans and material for participants as required 
Provide program instruction/leadership at the appropriate skill level of participants. 
Responsible for securing facility after programs 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 Current NL, SWIM Instructor, Lifesaving Instructor, and Emergency First Aid Instructor, Aquatic Supervisor 
Minimum 1 year of lifeguarding and aquatics instructing experience 
Demonstrated knowledge of aquatic programming and associated administration 
 Our Leadership Instructors: 
Prepare and implement program content based on program objectives outlined by the Town and/or certifying organization 
Prepare course facilities, teaching material and equipment. Prepare program outlines, lesson plans and material for participants as required 
Provide program instruction/leadership at the appropriate skill level of participants. 
Open and close facility (not all locations) 
Work in accordance to Cash Handling procedures and protocol as it relates to the position 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 Current certifications and teaching requirements for the Certification program being offered 
Demonstrated ability to facilitate training/instruction 
 Our Lifeguards: 
Guard public swims. Maintain proper guard positions and demonstrate guard alerts as required 
Perform various maintenance duties to maintain a clean and safe facility 
Prepare course facilities, teaching material and equipment. Prepare program outlines, lesson plans and material for participants as required 
Provide program instruction/leadership at the appropriate skill level of participants. 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 Current NL 
 Our Swimming Instructors: 
Prepare and implement program content based on program objectives outlined by the Town 
Prepare course facilities, teaching material and equipment. Prepare program outlines, lesson plans and material for participants as required 
Provide program instruction/leadership at the appropriate skill level of participants. 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 Current NLS, SWIM Instructor, Lifesaving Instructor, and Emergency First Aid Instructor 
 Additional duties for all positions listed above: 
Perform administrative tasks (i.e. attendance, preparation, Injury and Incident Reports etc.) 
Attend team meetings and training sessions 
Assist in providing a clean, healthy, safe environment for the program and ensure equipment is stored as required 
Immediately report incidents to the Recreation Coordinator or designate 
 Additional training and skills required for all positions listed above: 
Current Standard First Aid with CPR- C 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Organizational skills with attention to detail and ability to meet deadlines 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team 
 Satisfactory passing of a vulnerable sector check, and proof of qualifications will be required of any successful candidate(s) for these positions. 
 The Town is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to an inclusive and barrier-free workplace. If your application requires accommodation, please contact Human Resources at (905) 584-2272 Ext. 4738. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
