Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Formulation Chemist 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Smiths Falls, ON, Canada Req #3269 
Thursday, October 29, 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 Canopy is looking for an experienced, highly motivated, self-starter who can take the Formulation Chemist role to a new level. Reporting directly to the Edibles & Beverages Lead, the ideal candidate has sound judgment, great time management skills mixed with the ability to work as part of an ever-growing team. 
 Responsibilities 
 Lead the development of stable and robust cannabis formulations in the laboratory 
Independently evaluate formulations according to organoleptic properties and thermo, oxidative and photo stability 
Manage projects independently from concept to commercialization: Design experiments, develop protocols, prepare batches, and track, analyze, and present data 
Ensure the optimum manufacture of initial pilot, stability and small-scale production batches 
Using chemical principles, interpret experimental results and provide recommendations for subsequent studies 
Reformulate existing products for product improvement, process optimization, or increased cost savings 
Provide process direction and recommendations to operations for new formulations as well as support for the scale up of related manufacturing technology 
Create and maintain the necessary documentation to develop and commercialize new formulations (lab notebooks, specifications, test methods and results) 
Present information and findings at departmental meetings as required 
 Experience 
 Master’s degree or Ph.D. in Chemistry, Pharmacy or Pharmaceutical Technology, Chemical Engineering or related science with 3-5 years of relevant experience. A combination of academic and industrial experience may be considered 
Previous experience with cannabis-infused product development is an asset 
Knowledge of and experience with formulating emulsion and suspension-based products including molecular encapsulation 
Working knowledge in physical testing and analytical methods 
Previous formulation experience in consumer goods or pharmaceuticals, preferably with beverages, confectionary, and oil-based products 
Working knowledge of Design of Experiment (DoE) and statistical principles including ANOVA and binomial tests 
Ability to work independently with minimal operational support 
Excellent written and oral communication skills with public speaking experience considered to be an asset 
Attention to detail and strong time management skills 
Comfortable working in a fast-paced deadline driven environment 
Strong computer skills and familiarity with the following software: Microsoft Office, Windows and Google Docs 
Experience in a GLP or ISO setting is an asset 
 Other Details 
 This is a full-time role based out of Smiths Falls, ON. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
