Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Building Cleaner 
 Protrans Personnel Services Inc 
 __Dieppe, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Building Cleaner - Sunday to Thursday evening - 5:30 pm to 2:00am - 40 hours a week - $15.50 an hour 
 Requirements: 
2-3 years experience 
Own transportation as public transit does not run at that time 
Cleaning 
Vacuuming 
Other general cleaning duties 
 How To Apply:  Apply easily apply through this ad today. 
 We appreciate your interest! Due to the number of applications we receive only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. For a list of all opportunities with Protrans please visit our job board at https://www.protrans.ca/en/employees/ 
 About Protrans: 
Protrans Personnel Services Inc. is a full-service recruitment company specializing in supporting customers with their contingent workforce needs in transportation, warehousing and distribution, manufacturing and administrative placements. For twenty-five years our commitment to our customers and employees has earned us the reputation of being a premium staffing company providing our customers flexible resources to meet their goals while matching quality employees with rewarding career options. 
 Protrans Personnel Services is headquartered in Dieppe, New Brunswick with branch offices in Mississauga, Toronto, Cambridge, Stratford, Tillsonburg as well as Fort Edward, New York State. 
 Protrans Personnel Services is an equal opportunity employer. We do not discriminate on any basis including race, color, sex, age, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran or any other federal, provincial, state or local protected class. In addition, we are committed to meeting the needs of all individuals with disabilities and should you require accommodation during the recruitment process we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
