Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Solutions Analyst 
 Federated Co-operatives Limited 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 During these challenging times, Federated Co-operatives Limited is working to serve our local co-ops, customers, and communities. We are committed to supporting our local co-ops and the communities they serve. Working together to provide essential services to communities across Western Canada, we are hiring a Retail Solutions Analyst on a permanent basis at our Home Office in Saskatoon, SK. 
 Who we are: 
As a co-operative, we do business differently. We believe in working together to serve Western Canadians, delivering profits back to our communities and investing in sustainable growth. Our work is guided by our values of integrity, excellence and responsibility and driven by our vision of building sustainable communities together. To learn more about who we are, visit www.fcl.crs. 
 What you’ll do: 
You will be responsible for the implementation and support of in-store and consumer solutions including payment systems, mobile devices and applications, and Home Office applications that support retail business within the store. 
 Responsible for the implementation of in-store systems and consumer app solutions, as well as providing advice and guidance to business units and local co-ops on the use of these solutions. 
Manage retail and consumer applications and their application lifecycle. This includes working with business units and local co-ops to scope new solutions, coordinating development with vendors, performing testing and quality assurance of the solution, and managing the implementation. 
Provide support for retail and consumer solutions at local co-ops and head office by working directly with retail team members and managing support vendors. Improve support outcomes by building quality documentation and training materials. 
Coordinate projects and rollouts for new systems and upgrades including vendor and client management, scheduling, and execution of training. 
 Why it matters: 
We help local Co-ops grow and thrive by offering a range of professional services, including marketing, market research, information technology, human resources, accounting, risk management and business development. 
 Who you are: 
 You are looking for a career in Information Technology and: 
You have a Degree in Computer Science or a related area (Business or Accounting). 
You have a minimum of 3-6 years of relevant experience. Retail point-of-sale or payment systems experience is required (a combination of relevant education and experience may be considered). 
You’ve worked in an environment subject to PCI-DSS. Project management, payment systems, and software testing/QA experience is an asset. 
You’re honest and trustworthy, are results-oriented and strive to be the best in what you do. 
You believe in collaboration, building relationships and value the perspectives of others 
 Our Team Members receive competitive salaries, short-term incentives, a comprehensive benefits package and an employer-contributed pension plan. We encourage our Team Members to take advantage of learning opportunities, to grow and develop, and to foster a culture of teamwork and innovation. 
 FCL embraces diversity and inclusion and we’re working to create a workplace that is as diverse as the communities we serve. We support and provide an environment that allows every person to bring their whole self to work. 
 We take the health and well-being of our team members and customers very seriously. We continue to take steps across all areas of our business and locations to keep our team members and customers safe and healthy. 
 If this opportunity speaks to you, we invite you to apply by December 7, 2020. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest, however only those selected to continue in the recruitment process will be contacted. If you require support to apply for this opportunity please contact us at fclhr@fcl.crs. 
 Please note you may be required to undergo a background and substance test in accordance with FCL policies. FCLHP 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
