Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ERP Business Analyst 
 CannTrust 
 __Vaughan, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who We Are 
 CannTrust is a federally regulated licensed producer, publicly traded on the TSX and NYSE, and a proudly Canadian company focused on producing standardized cannabis products. Our medical products and customer service have heard us seven Canadian Cannabis Awards, including Best Licensed Producer 2018. 
 CannTrust is committed to research and innovation, as well as contributing to the growing body of evidence-based research regarding the use and efficacy of cannabis. Its product development teams are diligently innovating and developing products that will make it easier for patients to use medical cannabis. CannTrust supports ongoing patient education about medical cannabis and has a compassionate use program to support patients with financial needs. 
 Who You Are 
 The ideal candidate is an agile, business savvy individual who is committed to getting better everyday. You are a passionate influencer with strong communication skills, who is open to giving and receiving feedback. You are customer-centric with an ability to act as a mentor amongst your peers. Of course, you also deliver consistent results by aligning yourself with CannTrust values. 
 Job Overview 
 CannTrust is in the midst of an exciting business transformation with the goal of integrating their systems enabling the company to achieve rapid growth. CannTrust is currently in a multi-phased rollout of Sage X3 to support the company’s ERP needs. This role is critical to the delivering the ERP and realizing the benefits over the coming years. 
 Roles & Responsibilities 
 
 Support the ongoing configuration of Sage X3 application 
 Develop and maintain custom Sage X3 interfaces and inquiries 
 Work with key stakeholders to determine and document user requirements 
 Design, develop, and execute data migration 
 Design, develop, and execute test plans 
 Support end users with documentation and education 
 Support the design, deployment, and monitoring of internal control policies 
 
 Education & Experience 
 
 Experience with at least one full Sage X3 implementation 
 Extensive knowledge of finance and manufacturing Sage X3 best practices 
 3+ years experience capturing functional and non-functional requirements 
 3+ years experience process mapping 
 3+ years experience performing data mapping and conversion 
 3+ years experience automated testing tools 
 Exposure and experience with Sage X3 development and development tools 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Ability to work independently and manage time 
 Excellent communication skills, fluent in English 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Project, Visio 
 Nice to have proficiency with Sage Data Management and Analytic, Crystal Reports, Lucidchart 
 Available to travel to company locations within the GTA 
 Must pass an RCMP security clearance 
 
 Individual Influencer 
 
 Customer-centric – always searching for ways to improve service, takes action to resolve (internal or external) customer issues 
 Acts as a mentor to peers and cross functional partners 
 Follows through on commitments, adheres to deadlines 
 Uses good judgment about when to act independently or escalate an issue 
 Acts with Integrity: Demonstrates responsible, ethical and honest behavior while consistently leading by example 
 Delivers results while staying aligned with CannTrust Values 
 
 Physical Demands 
 While performing the responsibilities of the job, the employee is required to lift up to and including 25lbs, sit and/or stand for extended periods of time and reach with arms/hands. Walking, climbing stairs, standing, and moving items is occasionally required. The employee must wear the required PPE to complete their job functions. The company reserves the right to modify PPE requirements based on regulatory, compliance and operational needs. 
 Work Environment 
 When employees are required to perform duties within the Greenhouse or Manufacturing facilities, they may be exposed to unprocessed cannabis products/supplies. The Greenhouse and Manufacturing environment can be temperate, noisy and dusty at times. The employee will be provided with the appropriate (PPE) Personal Protective Equipment and they must adhere to legal requirements regarding PPE to manage their own personal safety under these conditions. In addition, to ensure compliance and minimize contamination within a controlled environment, the employees may be required to wear latex gloves a cleanroom suit. 
 CannTrust has a strong commitment to diversity and inclusion. Everyone who applies for a job will be considered. We recognize the business value in creating a workplace where each team member has the tools to reach their full potential. We value the insights and innovation that diverse teams bring to work. We work with our candidates with disabilities throughout the recruitment process to ensure that they have what they need to be at their best. Please reach out to our recruiters to begin a conversation about your individual accessibility needs throughout the hiring process. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 ERP Business Analyst: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
