Houndstooth Wrap 
 Activities and anecdotes of RMIT University's School of Fashion and Textiles 
 Best wrapping ever, with Awards, Careers and Open Day 
 Posted by  rmitft  in  Uncategorized  August 26, 2019 
 Beginning this layer of the wrap with  CONGRATULATIONS  to two of our alumni who were recognised in the annual Design Institute of Australia Graduate of the Year Awards. 
 The Fashion Careers Forum on the 1st August was a great chance for our students to hear from industry panellists about the many career paths open to fashion graduates. RMIT Open Day, on the 12th August was an opportunity to launch our new programs to a gathering of potential students (and curious parents!) - very exciting for us all to share our new thinking and delivery models to imagine the future direction of the fashion industry. 
 In the garden, the days are getting longer and the birds are getting louder. Roses in the dye garden are blooming and we are planning our next harvest and planting. So, be ready volunteers for digging and weeding, and the release of the ladybirds! 
 
 Design Institute of Australia Graduate of the Year Awards 
 The  Design Institute of Australia (DIA) Graduate of the Year Awards (GOTYAs)  is the flagship program for emerging Australian designers. Each year, educational institutions are invited to nominate their top graduates across various design disciplines. Nominee portfolios are anonymously evaluated on their design excellence based on a transparent judging process and criteria. Finalists are interviewed by a panel of judges to determine their transferable workplace skills and predicted impact on the Australian design industry.We are very excited to announce that RMIT graduate ** Lauren Stringini  **has been named  Australian Textile Design Graduate of the Year! 
 Bachelor of Fashion (Design)(Honours) graduate  Helena Dong  has also been awarded the  Fashion Design Graduate of the Year Award  in the state category for Victoria.The Houndstooth Wrap got in touch with Lauren to ask her about her project submission and how it feels to have won this award. 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
 " As a designer, I am inspired to produce emotionally durable textile designs that help to fight product obsolescence within a throw-away society. The idea that a textile design may inspire someone to hold onto, pass on or re-purpose a product motivates me to continue creating. My approach to design is inspired by the ‘Slow Design Movement’ and the idea of producing quality over quantity. Each design is hand-rendered, with minimal digital editing and a huge amount of attention to detail applied throughout the entire process. My aim is to create textiles that feel like pieces of art, in the hope that they are then cared for and avoid a linear journey straight to landfill. 
 I am definitely inspired by the natural world when it comes to motif choice and colour development. Although my focus has been on floral 's during my final year (and will always be a huge part of my work), I am also looking forward to creating more conversational textiles that evoke feelings of joy or perhaps tell a story. I have always had such love and respect for the environment; something that inspired me to experiment with natural dyeing. The ‘Make Do’ collection I completed during third year, encapsulates my commitment to sustainable textiles. The designs were created to challenge the common ‘eco-aesthetic’ that is usually associated with sustainably made textiles. My illustrative style, natural dyes and screen-printing pigment made from powderized clothing items (developed by scientists at Deakin University), combined to create a range of commercially viable textiles that continue to inspire me to refine and develop this concept. 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Lauren Stringini - Dress and Tote Bag 
 Winning this award means so much to me. I am so grateful to Dr Rebecca van Amber for nominating me. I moved away from my family and my home town of Townsville to study this course and the awards I have received are a wonderful acknowledgement of my efforts, as well as a reminder of what I am capable of. I am hoping that this award will bring with it some added credibility to my practice, as I am planning to approach sustainable companies and businesses for possible collaborations in the future. I am also excited to build a relationship with the DIA and experience their support of young designers during this next phase of my career." 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Textile design by Lauren Stringini 
   
 Congratulations to  Lauren  and  Helena  on this amazing achievement! We really look forward to seeing what you do next. 
 
 Fashion Summit Award 
 Monday, 22 July 
 In July, Dean of the School of Fashion and Textiles,  Professor Robyn Healy  received a commemorative plaque from the  Hon. Felix Chung  , Legislative Member, 6th Legislative Council of HKSAR, and Chairman of the Fashion Summit (HK) Steering Committee.Congratulations Robyn! 
 
 Fashion Careers Forum 
 Thursday, 1 August 
 On the 1st of August, the School of Fashion and Textiles hosted a Fashion Careers Forum in the Hanger at the Brunswick campus. The day included three panel sessions: 
 
 Where fashion can take you: using your degree across disciplines  - with Olivia Smythe  (Intent Journal) , Megan Edwards  (Cargo Crew) , Natasha Demers  (Ark Clothing Co.) ,and Maria Rinaldi-Cant  (Country Road) 
 _Sustainability & Ethical Practices in the Fashion Industry - _With Kate Sala (RMIT), Rose Doung  (The Clothes Loop) , and Sarah Pisarski (RMIT) 
 _Landing your first job in the Fashion Industry - _with Jess and Stef Dadon  (TWOOBS)  and  Shannon Meddings 
 
 L-R: Kiri Delly; Olivia Smythe (Intent Journal); Megan Edwards (Cargo Crew); Natasha Demers (Ark Clothing Co.); Maria Rinaldi-Cant (Country Road) 
   
   
   
 We got in touch with  Lucy (Shengyi) Zhu  to hear about her experiences of the day. 
 _" I went to all the sessions and it was so beneficial to meet all these industry leaders, gaining insights to their journey and being able to network with them. I learnt so many things! I think one of the most important things I learnt was to set boundaries with your mentor and to work with people who balance out your skills. _ 
 The best advice I got from the day was to just go for it, the more 'no's you get, the quicker you will get a 'yes'! It was such a great day and it was really helpful being able to network with fellow fashion students as well as the amazing industry professionals." 
   
   
 L-R: Kate Sala; Rose Doung; Sarah Pisarski 
   
 Fashion Careers Forum 2019 
   
 Fashion Careers Forum 2019 
   
 Vegan donuts 
   
 Fashion Careers Forum 2019 
   
 TWOOBS founders, Jess and Stef Dadon with Stylist Shannon Meddings 
   
 In the 'Makeup Zone' 
   
 Fashion Careers Forum 2019 
 
 Open Day 
 Sunday, 11 August 
 Despite a forecast of rain the sun shone for most of Open Day on the Brunswick campus, perfect for the Little Market and for visitors to see all that our leafy campus has to offer. The market featured stalls from clothing brands such as  No Normal Girls,  and  CANDID by Alyse  as well as other initiatives such as  Good Material Magazine . 
   
 Photography by Jovita Sari Gotama 
   
 Photography by Jovita Sari Gotama 
   
 Photography by Audrey Michael 
 In building 513 the Print Workshop was open for demonstrations of screen printing and in building 516 students from across the Higher Ed programs presented work in a series of "Open Studios." Work was displayed in vitrines, on tables and on mannequins and included works in progress from undergraduates, fourth year and masters students. 
   
 Screen-printing facilities - photography by Huong Truong 
   
 Screen-printing facilities - photography by Huong Truong 
   
 Photography by Jovita Sari Gotama 
   
 Custom footwear - photography by Audrey Michael 
   
 Garment closeup - photography by Huong Truong 
 One of the highlights of the day was the Runway showcase for VE and HE students held in the Hanger. The show featured work by alumni Amanda Nichols, Benjamin Garg, Kit Valerio, Amy Thomas, Julia English and Hannah Berry, current Bachelor of Fashion (Design) (Honours) students such as Lakkari Kim, Molly Johnson, Olivia Rowan and Amy Lawrence, and second year Associate Degree of Fashion (Design Technology) students such as Lillian Armitage and Tia Korevaar. It was a special moment for potential future students to see the work of current students and recent graduates across multiple programs and year levels. 
   
 Photography by Kennardi Sebastian 
   
 Photography by Kennardi Sebastian 
   
 Photography by Kennardi Sebastian 
   
 Photography by Kennardi Sebastian 
   
 Photography by Jovita Sari Gotama 
   
 Photography by Kennardi Sebastian 
   
 Photography by Jovita Sari Gotama 
   
 Photography by Jovita Sari Gotama 
 Many thanks to RMIT student photographers  Kennardi Sebastian  ,  Jovita Sari Gotama  ,  Huong Truong  ,  Audrey Michael  for the great images of Open Day 2019. 
 
 RMIT Sustainability Annual Report 
 The  RMIT Sustainability Report for 2018  includes a Feature Case Study on all the initiatives being put in place across the School of Fashion and Textiles. The Report is a great platform for sharing the work being done across the School. 
   
   
 Work by Katherine Nolan 
 The five-page spread features examples of sustainability embedded in our programs, including in Textile Design and Fashion Entrepreneurship, as well as details about the establishment of the Garden Studio, student participation at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit and the showcase of student work at the end of year event, So, Sow, Sew. Work by students,  Katherine Nolan  ,  Georgia Zulian  , and  Jemma Lobwein  is also featured. Take a look back on previous issues of the Houndstooth Wrap for more details about these activities and events. 
   
   
   
 
 ‘Garden Studio’ Growings 
 We have now entered Gulung (Orchid season), early spring. It is still cold but the days are getting longer and the skies are getting brighter. The orchids are in season and the Muyan (silver wattle) and Yellow box are in flower, providing nectar for birds and bees. Koalas are mating, Lyrebirds are making their courtship displays, moths are emerging and the birds are continuing to nest in time for true spring. 
   
   
   
 On Monday 5 August,  Dani Andree  hosted a two-hour Garden Studio visit and Natural Dye Workshop with the third-year "Closing the Loop" studio. The studio, led by  Kate Sala  and including workshops with Miriam Borcherdt and Courtney Holm is about teaching students how to apply circular design principles to their own personal practices. The garden visit started with an introduction to the garden, including details of the initiative such as plant care, selection and labelling, composting, and dye testing. Dani tells us: 
 _" I talked about our future hopes and dreams for the Garden Studio and the campus landscape as a functional space. We talked about each of the plants in the garden and discussed things like the fugitive nature of plant-derived colour, including the possibilities, limitations and current research about natural dye, the concept of 'plant-time' and its relation to 'human time' within the creative process, especially when we think about the notion of collaborating with plants, and the ethics of using plants for creative outcomes. This conversation gave the students an opportunity to think about a different way of producing garments and textiles, particularly when they are considering the idea of a long-term relationship with garments or textiles that needs maintenance and care over time. _ 
   
 Third-year "Closing the Loop" studio visit to the Brunswick Garden Studio 
   
 Third-year "Closing the Loop" studio visit to the Brunswick Garden Studio 
 After the tour, we went to the Print Workshop, where I showed the group some of the testing I 've been working on: 
 
 Suitable fibres: protein vs cellulose, differences in treatment and colour outcomes 
 Mordants, binders, pigments, dye extracts 
 Quantities of raw plant matter required; s   torage of plant matter 
 Extraction of colour from plants by boiling 
 Intensifying colour for use in printing and hand-painting 
 Experiments in Indigo printing & recycled indigo printing 
 Plant-derived dye practitioners and important reference texts 
 
 Finally, the students had the opportunity to do some hand painting with my pre-prepared plants onto soy-treated cotton and linen. 
   
 Natural Dye Workshop with Dani Andree 
   
 Natural Dye Workshop with Dani Andree 
   
 Natural Dye Workshop with Dani Andree 
   
 Natural Dye Workshop with Dani Andree 
   
 Natural Dye Workshop with Dani Andree 
 
 Spring Planting Workshop 
 We welcome you to join us in the garden for a planting workshop at lunchtime on Tuesday 10th September! See you there. 
 Stay tuned for the next wrap on Melbourne Fashion Week, updates on the building program on the Brunswick campus and the latest industry projects. 
 – Compiled by Dr Harriette Richards, Research Assistant for the School of Fashion and Textiles 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow this blog 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 January 2019 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 March 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Wrapping Grad show, Métiers and Situation Brunswick 
 Fashion Forward: Balenciaga, MFW and Spring Planting -> 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
