[ 
 petersage2 
 
 ](https://petersage2.wordpress.com/ "petersage2") 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 About 
 
 Search for: 
 Steve Jobs: 9 Valuable Lessons for Entrepreneurs 
 September 20, 2015 Uncategorized petersage2 
 peter sage 
Medical was a truly inspiring man whose beliefs and practices have inspired many individuals. 
 Following are the top nine most inspiring lessons I have learned from Health-related reasons: 
 erick bulatowicz 
#1 Do things right 
 At the young age, Steve Jobs learned a valuable lesson from his father: to craft the back of cabinets and fences properly, even though they were hidden. 
 Jobs learned when young that it was important to do things the correct way. From the inside out, Steve Jobs advocated simple, beautiful design even for the parts of the product you do not see. 
 #2 Use simplicity in design 
 People like easy answers to problems, and Jobs understood that. Apple devices integrate hardware and software flawlessly through simple design. Apple strips any unnecessary features using their products. Steve Jobs prided himself on his design philosophy that they carried with him throughout his time at Apple: 
 "Simplicity will be the ultimate sophistication." - Health-related reasons 
 Jobs felt that design simplicity must be linked by making products simple to use. 
 #3 Focus is important 
 Medical had the ability to focus intensely on only a handful of core objectives. It was vital to him to concentrate on developing 1 amazing product at a time, instead of 1000 mediocre ones. 
 "People think focus means tallying to the thing you need to focus on. But that's not what it really means at all. It indicates saying no to the hundred other good ideas that there are. You have to pick carefully." - Jobs 
 #4 Don't let others say you cannot do something 
 Jobs was recognized for his futuristic imagination when developing products. Often, the Apple engineers would tell him that his ideas are not possible and could not occur. Jobs would say to them to find a way to do it. 
 "What happened was, the designers came up with this fantastic idea… and the engineers go, "Nah, we simply cannot do that, That's impossible."… the manufacturing people… go "We can't build that!" And it gets a lot worse… And i also said "No, no, we're achieving this." And they said, "Well, why?" And i also said, "Because I'm the CEO and I think it can be done." Plus they kind of begrudgingly did it. However it was a big hit." 
 Medical adopted the mindest that when he decided that something should happen, then he was just will make it happen. 
 #5 Understand customer needs and wants 
 Jobs had a unique power to anticipate future technology that people don't even know they needed. Jobs completely revolutionized laptop computer, music, phone, and tablet industry. Jobs philosophy is summed up in this quote: 
 "If we could rap about their needs, feelings, and motivations, we can easily respond appropriately by offering them what they want" - Health-related reasons 
 Jobs ability to understand human desire as well as what the next breakthrough technology will be, allowed him to generate great companies founded on smartly designed products. 
 #6 It's not in regards to the money 
 Steve Jobs failed to care about money whilst built companies. He considered that you should never start a company with all the goal of getting rich. Your main goal should be making something you believe in and making a company that will last. 
 #7 Recuit 'A' players to your team 
 Recruiting A players on your team is crucial! A players are the brains behind great ideas and great products. Surrounding yourself with smart, innovative people is the greatest way to jumpstart a company. 
 "Great things in business aren't done by one person, they're made by a team of people." - Steve Jobs 
 But, A players typically love to work with other A players, says Jobs. So, save both time and money by centering on only hiring A players in your organization. 
 #8 'Talk the talk' simply uses 'walk the walk' 
 Jobs was very confident in his abilities, yet extremely persistent together with his beliefs. He didn't always have the power, or the seniority to voice his opinion so strongly, but Jobs taught me to pretend to be completely on top of things and people will feel that you are. People naturally want to follow others who exude confidence (not to be confused with cockiness). Jony Ive goes over all Job's persuasive abilities: 
 "There is something he knows absolutely nothing about, these types of his crazy style and utter conviction, he is able to convince people that he knows what he's referring to." - Jony Ive 
 #9 Only accept product perfection 
 Jobs was seen to either think something was the highest thing ever, or think it had been awful. There was no in between. Steve Jobs was incredibly passionate about his products, and he showed it. Don't accept something just to meet a deadline, work on your product until it is perfect and you are 100% pleased with it. 
 Conclusion 
 These lessons from Steve Jobs can be very beneficial to your business. Think about them and brainstorm the best way to utilize them within your business. 
 For additional reading on Health-related reasons, I highly recommend you select up your own copy of Walter Isaacson's Biography on Medical. To this day, it is among the best books I have read. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
