Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Technical Director LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 Description 
 Pennebaker is seeking a Technical Director to lead our team of web developers. The Director will mentor and supervise our full-time web developers and monitor the work of dev contractors. The candidate should be an excellent communicator and work collaboratively with our staff, as well as our Clients. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 
 Lead and manage the development team 
 
 
 Own the process of writing front-end and back-end code, and implementing and configuring content management systems 
 
 
 Interface with Clients and understand their business goals; help scope digital projects 
 
 
 Help estimate hours needed to implement responsive designs 
 
 
 Help solve the team’s toughest technical challenges 
 
 
 Mentor Developers I-III and manage growth of team 
 
 
 Write code for selected web-based projects 
 
 
 Manage and optimize devops processes as team grows 
 
 
 Contribute to and lead post-project retrospectives 
 
 
 Work with other departments to ensure the complexity, resources and scalability of all development efforts are fully understood 
 
 
 Skills 
 
 
 Ability to “speak Client” during meetings and to interpret client’s goals into action items 
 
 
 Basic knowledge of analytics packages and how they work, as well as how to implement them 
 
 
 Working knowledge of best UX/UI practices 
 
 
 Excellent communication skills 
 
 
 Strong attention to detail 
 
 
 Highly collaborative 
 
 
 Technical Requirements 
 
 
 Advanced knowledge of terminal usage (can shell into Ubuntu servers with ease): MySQL, Bash Scripting 
 
 
 Advanced knowledge of HTML/CSS/JS front-end techniques: HTML5, SCSS, VueJS, Twig 
 
 
 Working knowledge of server-side languages and techniques: PHP, Node.js 
 
 
 Working knowledge of git-related GUI tools (SourceTree, Github) 
 
 
 Basic knowledge of analytics packages and implementing event-specific analytics triggers 
 
 
 Knowledge of advanced web security practices are a plus 
 
 
 Advanced knowledge of Craft CMS a major plus 
 
 
 Experience 
 
 7-10 years 
 
 Benefits 
 
 
 Health, vision, and dental insurance 
 
 
 401(k) with an employer match 
 
 
 Paid vacation and sick time 
 
 
 Pennebaker is a strategic branding & marketing communications firm in Houston, Texas. For 35 years we’ve been helping companies reach their full potential. Today, our team includes 27 full-time employees and a tested group of talented strategic partners. Passionate about our work, we take our clients’ success personally. We hire smart, creative people to tackle the difficult challenges our clients face. We’re excited about adding another team player to our growing firm. 
 How to Apply 
 [email protected] 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Houston Texas 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   713-963-8607 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 __  Posted August 2, 2019 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
