
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 The Flex Company (S16) 
 Modern period care. 
 Accountant 
 
 Location 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About The Flex Company 
 We have a beautiful, sunny office in Venice, California. We are dog-friendly. We offer above market salary and top tier health benefits (medical, dental vision), and cover 90% for employees and 85% for dependents. 
 Our Shared Values: 
 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview) 
 
 About the role 
 The Flex Company is looking for a full-time Accountant to support our finance team.. As an accountant at Flex, you will assist the department with month end close activities, analyzing and verifying financial information, preparing internal reports, reconciling and reviewing certain general ledger accounts. This is a great opportunity for someone to be a part of the ins and outs of an accounting function at a rapidly growing CPG company. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Compile and analyze financial information to prepare entries to accounts. 
 Prepare and/or review detailed journal entries. 
 Prepare and record month-end accruals. 
 Perform accounting reconciliations. 
 Ensure compliance with accounting and reporting deadlines. 
 Other accounting duties as assigned. 
 
 About you: 
 
 You are resourceful. You can look at historical data to gain a complete understanding of our processes. 
 You focus on the little thing g to find discrepancies and problems. 
 You’re adaptable, flexible and have a growth mindset. You are eager to help us scale the accounting department to new levels. 
 You’re compliant and have a natural desire is to assist your teammates in finance and cross-functionally. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 1+ years of experience in general ledger accounting. 
 Thorough understanding and application of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). 
 Demonstrated oral/written communication, interpersonal, organizational, and customer service skills. 
 Demonstrated computer and analytical skills. 
 Demonstrated ability to analyze financial information. 
 Demonstrated ability to prioritize and handle multiple projects/tasks in a changing environment. 
 Self-motivated with ability to work under and meet strict deadlines individually as well as in a team environment. 
 Knowledge and understanding of internal control environment. 
 High proficiency in Microsoft Excel and Quickbooks Online 
 
 In 1 month you will: 
 
 Document financial transactions by entering account information. 
 Organize and maintain financial records. 
 Prepare adjusting journal entries. 
 Review accounts for discrepancies and reconcile differences. 
 
 In 3 months you will: 
 
 Compute taxes owed and prepare tax reports, ensuring compliance with payment, reporting, or other tax requirements in partnership with our third party accountants. 
 
 In 6 months you will: 
 
 Cost of goods and inventory reconciliations. 
 Manage and reconcile GL accounts, such as accruals, prepaids, and health insurance 
 
 Our shared values: 
 Choose Love Over Fear: You make sound decisions from a belief in yourself, others, or opportunities rather than out of fear. 
 Optimize For Trust: You have a track record of taking accountability for mistakes rather than blaming others. You communicate needs, concerns, and feedback directly with colleagues. 
 Have a Growth Mindset: You take constructive feedback well and actively seek feedback from colleagues. You are self-motivated to generate your best work and make a greater impact everyday. 
 Be You: You are comfortable being your authentic self at work (including in the interview!). 
 About The Flex Company 
 The Flex Company was founded on the belief that people deserve innovative, sustainable, life-changing period products. After years of disappointment and discomfort trying dozens of products, Lauren Schulte Wang founded Flex to create body-safe, medical grade alternatives that outperform traditional period products. The Flex Disc and Flex Cup generate 60% less waste and have the capacity of up to three super tampons, all while maintaining the highest level of comfort through inventive engineering and rigorous testing. 
 Flex is sold at over 25,000 stores across the US and is the #1 alternative period product brand based on units sold. Committed to making its life-changing products accessible to as many people possible, Flex is available at Target, CVS, and Walgreens, and at flexfits.com. 
 The Flex Company is committed to creating an inclusive employee experience for all. Regardless of race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, age, disability, we firmly believe that our work is at its best when everyone feels free to be themselves. 
 Technology 
 Our website is built on Shopify and use Recharge for our subscription payments; we use BrightPearl OMS for our backend 
 Other jobs at The Flex Company 
 Creative Director 
 fulltime 
 Venice, Los Angeles, CA 
 Brand/Graphic Design 
 11+ years 
 PPC / Google Ads Manager 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 Accountant 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 VP of Products & Supply Chain 
 fulltime 
 Los Angele, CA 
 6+ years 
 Supply Chain Manager, Fulfillment  
 fulltime 
 California, United States 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
