Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Propane Driver (DZ) - $24 Hourly 
 Superior Propane 
 __Carleton Place, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Seasonal Propane Driver (DZ) - $24 hourly + seasonal premium 
 Are you a DZ or AZ licensed driver with clean drivers abstract? Are you looking for work to keep you busy through the fall/winter months? Are you a safe driver with a flair for customer service? 
 If you answered yes, then Superior Propane has a job for you! 
 We Offer 
 Competitive Hourly Rates $ 
Seasonal $2.00 hourly premium $$ 
Opportunity for Overtime $$$ 
 You Bring 
 High School education. 
Minimum of one (1) year experience. 
Appropriate provincial driver's license (Class 3) with an air brake ticket and clean drivers abstract 
Exceptional customer service skills. 
Clear criminal record 
Physical ability to deliver propane cylinders 
Knowledge and ability to use computers, specifically the on board truck computers. 
Ability to maintain and conduct the highest standard of safety at all times 
 Please note, our seasonal employment runs from October to March. 
 How to Apply? 
 Call our recruiter, Karuna, directly at 647-694-2925 or submit your resume online and all qualified candidates will be contacted. 
 To Apply via Mobile, CLICK HERE 
 To Apply via Facebook Messenger, click here 
 For more information please visit our website at superiorpropane.com/careers 
 Here at Superior Propane we are an equal opportunity employer committed to the inclusion and accommodation of all individuals. If you have an accommodation need during the recruitment & selection process, we encourage you to connect with us at aoda_hr@superiorpropane.com to let us know how we can enhance your experience. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
