Inside Greece 
 News and opinion from Greece 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Inside Greece 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Jobbik 
 Barbarism at the gates 
 Posted on  October 7, 2010  |  3 comments 
 
 Illustration by Manos Symeonakis 
 Politicians often say things during election campaigns that they later regret. Looking back on his first year as prime minister, George Papandreou must be wondering what possessed him ahead of last year’s October 4 poll to utter - with excruciating regularity – the words: “The money is there.” Unless, of course, by “there” he meant in the back pockets of pensioners, civil servants, motorists and most middle and working class families that are now footing the bill for Greece’s economic rescue effort. 
 The money was never there and everybody, including PASOK, knew it. This didn’t stop Germany’s Werkstatt Deutschland organization from awarding Papandreou the Quadriga Prize for "Power of Veracity" on Sunday. The award, named after the sculpture of a horse-drawn chariot that sits atop the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, was in recognition of Papandreou revealing the truth about the state of Greece’s public finances, which seems a bit like giving a lollipop to a child who admits its part in smashing a vase but only after discovering there was nowhere to hide the broken pieces. 
 Nevertheless, the trip to Berlin may have given Papandreou an opportunity to contemplate one of the other regrettable statements he made before last October’s election. “Socialism or barbarism,” the PASOK leader had said, echoing Marxist activist Rosa Luxemburg, a late resident of the German capital who believed adopting Socialism was the only escape from an unjust existence. Papandreou spoke in a slightly different context, arguing that the global financial crisis was proof that the capitalist model was unsustainable and that a center-left structure, with more emphasis on regulation and the state, should replace it. 
 However, 12 months on, his dreams of 21st century Socialism have vanished into the same vortex that is consuming the billions of euros Greeks are paying to prevent their country from going bankrupt. In the meantime, the threat of barbarism has become very real. 
 Some of the measures taken over the last 12 months were undoubtedly necessary and long overdue but the manner in which they are being applied and the IMF/EU market-driven philosophy that underpins them is brutal. While all eyes are trained on safeguarding financial capital, little attention is being paid to the negative effect on social capital. 
 The recent liberalization of the road haulage sector set a dangerous precedent. Apart from the truck owners themselves, most people would argue that time had run out on the closed-profession privileges the truckers enjoyed for so many years. Yet, it’s unsettling that the forced end to their lengthy strikes – first with a civil mobilization order in the summer and then with legislation threatening truckers with jail sentences in September – should be met with such satisfaction within the government and among some of the public. After all, this was a failure of democracy and had a distinct totalitarian element to it. PASOK backtracked on its promises to the truckers, one of the many groups that have been pampered by successive governments, and then portrayed them as being unreasonable and obstructing progress. Unable to engage in debate and then formulate policy – functions of the democratic systems we uphold and the governments we vote for – PASOK rammed the liberalization through Parliament and down the throats of the truckers. The government’s heavy-handedness throughout the dispute does not bode well for the future. 
 Greece’s experience is being replicated in other European countries, such as Ireland, Portugal, Spain and Britain, where citizens are being presented with a fait accompli. Their governments, regardless of political hue, are telling them that austerity measures must be adopted without question. In doing so, elected politicians are not only perverting the very system that put them in power, they’re also sowing the seeds of deep discontent as people grow increasingly aggrieved with the impact of the austerity measures and the lack of alternatives. 
 The United Nations work agency, the International Labor Organization (ILO), warned last Friday that the global employment market, where 22 million new jobs are needed, would not recover from the crisis until 2015 and that this would only fuel social unrest. “Fairness must be the compass guiding us out of the crisis,” said ILO director general Juan Somavia. “People can understand and accept difficult choices if they perceive that all share in the burden of pain. Governments should not have to choose between the demands of financial markets and the needs of their citizens. Financial and social stability must come together. Otherwise, not only the global economy but also social cohesion will be at risk.” 
 While scenarios of popular revolution are pure fiction as far as Greece is concerned, the country is no stranger to social unrest. The longer that measures which impact on people’s viability are passed one after the other, with no discussion or effort to present a vision for a better future, the more resentment will fester and the threat of a backlash will grow. 
 The possible breakdown of social cohesion creates the conditions for another, even darker, reaction to austerity. While understandable to some extent, the glee some citizens and commentators expressed at the abrupt way the government dealt with the truckers is a tell-tale sign that, given the current circumstances, a larger proportion of the population than usual thinks the use of force – psychological or physical – is acceptable. The danger is that the longer the government depends on this tactic, the more people will become accustomed to it and start believing it’s a perfectly legitimate way to run a country and get things done. In Greece, where society has been fragmented for many years thanks to each group pursuing its narrow interests, the flourishing of this mind-set will lead to even graver polarization. 
 Hungary, which was discovered in 2006 to have been fiddling its economic figures and had until this year been applying the austerity measures prescribed as part of the rescue deal it signed with the IMF, offers a salutary tale for Greece. Earlier this year, the extreme right-wing Jobbik party won 850,000 votes in the parliamentary elections on the back of a campaign that targeted the Roma but also played up the failures of the traditional guardians of power in Hungary, the conservative Fidesz and the Hungarian Socialist Party (MSZP). “The main factor behind Jobbik’s rise has been its ability to make political hay out of popular demand for extremist policies,” writes Peter Kreko for the Political Capital think tank in Budapest. “The primary driver behind extremist sentiment is a decline in public morale: Many Hungarians feel they can no longer trust the political elite or their governing institutions. The other fact is a rise in prejudice, especially toward foreigners.” 
 So, as Greece takes stock a year on from when Papandreou made his foolhardy election campaign pronouncements, it can draw some timely conclusions from its own and others’ experiences. It’s clear that the money is not there, nor is Socialism. As for barbarism? It’s creeping through the gates. 
 This commentary was written by Nick Malkoutzis and was published in Athens Plus on October 8, 2010. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 3 Comments 
 Posted in  Economy ,  European Union ,  Greek politics 
 Tagged  austerity measures ,  Berlin ,  European Union ,  George Papandreou ,  Greece austerity ,  Greece economic statistics ,  Greece economy ,  Greece IMF ,  Greece liberalisation ,  Greece liberalization ,  Greece national elections 2009 ,  Greece road haulage ,  Greece truckers ,  Greek debt crisis ,  Greek economic crisis ,  Greek economy ,  Hungary ,  ILO ,  IMF ,  International Monetary Fund ,  International politics ,  Jobbik ,  Juan Somavia ,  Papandreou Quadriga prize ,  PASOK ,  Quadriga ,  Rosa Luxemburg ,  socialism ,  Socialism or barbarism ,  Werkstatt Deutschland 
 
 
 Recent comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Words will always hu…  on  Is immigration a bigger issue… 
 
 
 
 
 Roger on  Move on up 
 
 
 
 
 Eleni Gigantes  on  Ring of fire 
 
 
 
 Eleni Gigantes  on  When US presidents meet Greek… 
 
 
 Anton Harfst on  Move on up 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribe to Inside Greece 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 11,415 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign up here 
 
 
 Nick on Twitter 
 
 RT @ damomac : "It gave me the tools, the power and confidence to tell my own story. I think it is the same for others in the same situation.…  4 days ago 
 RT @ alexvoudouri : The 61st round of exploratory talks between  #Greece  and  #Turkey  will take place in Istanbul on Jan 25  5 days ago 
 "The most important question is not what happens with him, but what happens with the lie." Clear, concise analysis…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 week ago 
 RT @ MiguelDelaney : Brilliant TV reporting of shocking scenes   twitter.com/itvnews/status…   1 week ago 
 RT @ ezraklein : From the day of the election, and from well before, it was completely obvious what Trump was attempting, and what the possib…  1 week ago 
 Follow @NickMalkoutzis 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Athens   British politics   Diplomacy   Economy   environment   European Union   Greece   Greek politics   International affairs   Media   Social issues   Sports   Uncategorized 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archive 
 
 
 Archive Select Month September 2013  (1) August 2013  (2) July 2013  (3) June 2013  (4) May 2013  (4) April 2013  (5) March 2013  (7) February 2013  (4) January 2013  (3) December 2012  (6) November 2012  (5) October 2012  (7) September 2012  (4) August 2012  (7) July 2012  (8) June 2012  (7) May 2012  (10) April 2012  (3) March 2012  (8) February 2012  (9) January 2012  (2) December 2011  (6) November 2011  (7) October 2011  (10) September 2011  (6) August 2011  (6) July 2011  (12) June 2011  (16) May 2011  (9) April 2011  (3) March 2011  (4) February 2011  (3) January 2011  (6) December 2010  (6) November 2010  (7) October 2010  (4) September 2010  (5) August 2010  (6) July 2010  (4) June 2010  (4) May 2010  (6) April 2010  (4) March 2010  (4) February 2010  (4) January 2010  (4) December 2009  (4) November 2009  (6) October 2009  (7) September 2009  (3) 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Athens Insider 
 Athens Plus 
 Graphs News 
 Kathimerini English Edition 
 Mundane Pleasure 
 Random Views - Manos Symeonakis 
 Sport in Greece 
 Versendaal's Photostream 
 Voxversendaal 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Inside Greece - Nick Malkoutzis 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
