Your Well Wisher Program 
 Attempt to solve commonly known problems… 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Movie_Based 
 Volunteer 
 Contact 
 
 8Sep2014 
 Prevent Crime: Full Time maid should be termed Slavery job 
 Posted in  Humanity ,  Movie  by  ywwp 
 | 
 
 
 Movie Damini is about a lady  Damini  realizing men in her home gang raped poor maid and threatened Damini to shut her mouth as they were well respected family. 
 
 
 Damini  struggles and fights for justice to rape victim with corrupt policemen, failed judicial system and non sense insensitive media system. 
 
 
 ---|--- 
 
 
 Legally, a 14 year old girl can be employed as full time maid and stay resident in urban home. 
 
 
 Full time maid is loaded with all big/small, hard/easy labor intensive job/task in urban home. Full time maid often harassed, beaten up for stupid mistakes and ill-treated/misbehaved. 
 
 
 Since full time maid is resident, there is no way for her to share, or report problem she faces. Further, men in urban home finds an opportunity to rape or gang rape her. 
 
 
 No law exists for  preventing crime  - harassment, violence or rape against full time maid. 
 
 
 Do you think full time maid job should be termed slavery job? Laws for Slavery may be good enough to prevent such crimes else let us know your suggestions. 
 
 
 Action: Your comments matter. Share with social media community. 
 
 
 
   

Source:[http://YourWellWisherProgram.wordpress.com](http://YourWellWisherProgram.wordpress.com) 
[Facebook/YourWellWisherProgram](http://www.facebook.com/YourWellWisherProgram) 
[Click for This Post Image  for Printing etc.](https://yourwellwisherprogram.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/prevent-crime-full-time-maid-should-be-termed-slavery-job1.jpg)
 
 Refer another post:  16th Dec Delhi Gang Rape Victim… Who was she? (Version 2) 
 Daily Post Photo Challenge:  http://dailypost.wordpress.com/dp_photo_challenge/humanity/ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Pocket 
 Pinterest 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 damini ,  full time maid ,  girl child ,  harrassment ,  laws ,  maid ,  molestation ,  poor judiciary ,  prevent crime ,  rape ,  rape victim ,  stop rape ,  violence   14 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 « Security guard room design similar to dog room but why? 
 Can French MNCs Help World’s Most Poorest Country - D.R. Congo? » 
 14 thoughts on "Prevent Crime: Full Time maid should be termed Slavery job" 
 
 Storytime with John 
 
  September 8, 2014 at 7:49 am  
 If it's unpaid, they yeah it is. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [ywwp](https://yourwellwisherprogram.wordpress.com)
 
  September 8, 2014 at 8:13 am  
 Full time maid are sold similar to slaves.. further they are paid very less that is a minor difference. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [erikakind](http://erikakind.wordpress.com)
 
  September 8, 2014 at 8:40 am  
 So think I! And no matter how they are paid, when there is violence it is against humanity anyway! 
 Like Liked by 2 people 
 Reply 
   * [ywwp](https://yourwellwisherprogram.wordpress.com)
 
  September 8, 2014 at 8:42 am  
 your response is much better than mine.. 
 Like Liked by 2 people 
   * [erikakind](http://erikakind.wordpress.com)
 
  September 8, 2014 at 8:59 am  
 Someone hast to make the first step! Thank you! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 
 thegraysage8 
 
  September 10, 2014 at 10:25 pm  
 This should be corrected. It is the people that allows these things to happen. We should revive humanity. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Madly by Zoxy 
 
  September 11, 2014 at 5:04 am  
 However it is people who allowed this, it is not correct comportment at all. Maid considered or treat like slave should not be legal. In France it is forbidden for children to work under 16 years old. I correct myself a child can work at 14 but with lot restriction and not with à full Job that in France is 35h/week. I started working during summer or babysit at 16. But legislation is rude with people employing young so it is not used to have children working under 18 which is the legal majority in France. 
Slavery is used since ever but it is not fare at all. 
Thank you for sharing 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 * [ywwp](https://yourwellwisherprogram.wordpress.com)
 
  September 11, 2014 at 5:15 am  
 Bonjour, 
Your views confirms my views are correct, and so now I can raise it to the concerned authorities in my region - India. It was good to know for what is happening in France, it is of help indeed. regards 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 Sharmishtha Basu 
 
  September 12, 2014 at 11:07 am  
 very true words, these women go out to earn their bread by working and are corrupted by those who can. it is a real shame! 
 have seen that movie it is fantastic. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 paddastoel 
 
  September 26, 2014 at 9:52 pm  
 Well, I personally have an au pair and a domestic. 
Neither one of them lives in my home, but they are employed full time. 
 I do expect my child to be well looked after and my house to be clean, but my demands are made clear through a well-written contract and concise verbal reprimands, not through any physical violence or any form of abuse. 
 Both my au pair and domestic are paid quite a bit more than the legislated minimum wage. 
They are also paid before anything else gets paid in my home. 
They are treated more than generously in terms of leave (greatly in excess of the minimum legislated) and family responsibility. 
 Some of that is because I believe people should be treated fairly (as I wish to be treated), but some of it is also self-serving - these people spend a large amount of time with my child and no number of nanny cams can mitigate that risk. 
 In a country where unemployment is rife, I actually think that, rather than condemning the domestic worker sector as paid slavery, there should rather be incentives like tax breaks for employing domestic workers. I can promise you that working for me, or for many other people, is nothing like slavery. My employees and their children are fed and clothed - which is a lot more than I can say about the majority of people in this country. 
 The problem is not the existence of the domestic worker sector - it is that the domestic worker sector is not large enough. A couple of years ago, people still employed two or three domestics. Now because everyone is cutting down, one domestic worker is pretty much the maximum. This leads to increasing isolation and the lack of demand and oversupply of labour leads to people being willing to accept working conditions that are akin to slavery… 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 psychologistmimi 
 
  October 7, 2014 at 8:36 pm  
 interesting piece 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 The Rebel 
 
  November 17, 2014 at 2:20 pm  
 A post long due! 
We are ALL slaves. Slaves. Slaves to a corporate world. Nobody seems to resent that. Our families, our free time, our wishes, our desires, our spirituality are all decided by and manipulated my corporate entities. Eight or more hours our our day are spent making corporate "houses" rich, while our own homes and families are sacrificed. Money rules! Money will buy us things but never love or life. 
Regards 
Surendra 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 Leanne 
 
  December 16, 2014 at 6:10 am  
 There was a recent article about an abused Indonesian maid for a Hong Kong business lady. The maid was subjected to a terrible conditions such as she was only allowed one meal a day and having an activated vacuum tube stuck in her mouth causing lacerations. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 parthasadhukhan 
 
  January 31, 2015 at 4:40 pm  
 I am against keeping any full time maid. Doing my work myself is always better. Also I will not prefer keeping any children of education age in any work. But it is not feasible in all household. I do not agree with your opinion that men in urban homes are ready to find an opportunity to rape their maid. By saying this you have made all urban men potential criminals, a stereotype that is not only sexist, shows your hatred for men, oh yeah may be towards yourself. 
 You said no law exists for preventing crime. You have not realized what you have asked for. Do you want a law that states, you are on internet for five hours so you are a potential rapist or you had nightfall last night, so you may rape your neighbour kindda laws? Please think before you suggest or raise concern about something. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 If you leave me a comment I will send you an invisible gift.  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
  Facebook  
  Twitter  
  YouTube  
 
 Search 
 Categories 
 
 Environment  (19) 
 Health  (23) 
 Humanity  (19) 
 Movie  (20) 
 Technology  (38) 
 Uncategorized  (37) 
 Water  (15) 
 
 Subscribe by Email 
 Get an update 
 Join 2,005 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow/Subscribe 
 Follow Your Well Wisher Program on WordPress.com 
 bloglovin 
 Follow my blog with Bloglovin 
 Blog Adda 
   
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
