Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse, Surgical Assessment Clinic - Part Time - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
The focus of the clinic is to carry out patient assessments in a multimodal environment and provide pre-operative teaching to assist patients to be physically and psychologically prepared for their pending surgery. As a member of the Surgical Assessment Clinic you will be responsible for all aspects of nursing care including educating patients and ensuring appropriate pre-operative diagnostic preparation is complete and relevant based on current best practices. 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate must be available to work 8 hour shifts during the week. Schedule may change due to operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
 BAND J :  $33.59 - $47.26 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Current Certificate of Registration with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
RN with undergraduate nursing degree preferred or equivalent appropriate and applicable experience 
Current BCLS certification 
Minimum 5 years recent hospital experience with surgical nursing experience in an acute hospital setting 
Experience in a pre-admission/surgical assessment clinic is an asset 
Canadian Nurses Association Certification in a related specialty is preferred 
Membership with the Registered Nurses Association of Ontario (RNAO) 
Demonstrated solid understanding and application of patient assessment and patient education 
Excellent physical assessment skills 
Well-developed communication, interpersonal and teaching skills 
Venipuncture skills are an asset 
Ability to embrace ongoing change and innovation 
Ability to work in a fast paced environment 
Experience with adult education principles and proven teaching abilities 
Proficient computer skills 
Demonstrated commitment to a patient/family centred care environment 
Demonstrated excellent critical thinking and problem solving skills 
Demonstrated ability to work effectively within an inter-professional team as well as independently 
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to prioritize 
Evidence of ongoing professional development, continuing education and leadership experience 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital Corporation takes pride in creating an inclusive and diverse workforce which represents the community we serve. We are dedicated to ensuring you feel respected and welcomed whether you are a patient, caregiver, visitor, community member, volunteer or employee. Our commitment to create an ‘honoured to care’ culture is an expression of our humble and compassionate attitude. Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
