Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker 
 Responsive Group 
 __L 'orignal, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Title:  Personal Support Worker 
 Reporting to:  Director of Care 
 Hours:  Part Time 
 Location:  Champlain Long Term Care Residence 
 Are you a Personal Support Worker that has a passion for making a difference? 
 At Champlain Long Term Care Residence we are passionate about ‘Making Every Moment Matter.” We are seeking a candidate that shares our values - a person who has a passion to make a difference, who has a strong moral compass and has a commitment to teamwork. 
 At the Champlain Long Term Care Residence, we are passionate about providing compassionate care for families loved ones, where the residents of our home come before anything else. Our values at Champlain Long Term Care Residence follow a ‘People’ focused Philosophy, Participation Excellence Openness Performance Longevity Efficient Use of Resources. This philosophy can be seen in every aspect and level of our home. 
 A day in the role of a Personal Support Worker at Champlain Long Term Care Residence. 
 As a Personal Support Worker at Champlain Long Term Care Residence, you will be given high expectations, as well as an expectation to continue personal growth and professional growth. In this position, you will be gifted with a rewarding experience every day in the form of being able to see the exact impact you place on our residents. 
As a Personal Support Worker, you will be part of our nursing team, and you will report directly to the Director of Care. This position will be casual, so candidates must be available to work evenings and weekends, as well as a variety of shifts. Schedules will be provided. This position is responsible for but not limited to: 
 Providing for the basic care and needs of residents such as; ensuring resident takes in prescribed medication, provide basic grooming such as washing and combing hair & mouth care, bathing, bowel, and bladder care, positioning and movement, basic wound care, 
Performing specific interventions from individual resident care plans, 
Assisting the nursing process by observing and reporting changes in the residents’ physical and emotional condition, 
Performing related light housekeeping tasks, such as bed making, removing soiled clothing, 
Recognizing and reporting safety concerns or equipment malfunction, 
Observing, documenting and reporting any emotional or physical changes in the residents' condition, 
Continually assessing, anticipating, identifying and responding to new and changing needs of residents. 
 Qualifications 
 At the Champlain Long Term Care Residence we take pride in our employees, so your qualifications are important to us. We use them to get to know you and see if we are a good fit for each other. The qualifications needed to join our family at Champlain Long Term Care Residence are as follows: 
 A positive mindset, as well as a connection with our values, 
The graduate of Personal Support Worker program at the time of application, 
Ability to demonstrate a comprehensive knowledge of nursing and health care practices as they relate to long-term care legislation, 
Must have demonstrated sound skills and knowledge of providing person-centred care in accordance with established standards, policies and procedures of the MOHLTC and the home, 
Knowledgeable of the Residents’ Bill of Rights and respects and promotes these rights, 
Effective communication skills and the demonstrated ability to work independently and collaboratively is essential, 
Effective customer service skills and a demonstrated commitment to working with seniors are required, 
Ability to perform tasks that are necessary for the position, for example, lifting/transferring residents, 
Ability to deal with responsive behaviour, 
Basic computer skills are a must, 
Demonstrated commitment to learning and continuous improvement, 
Candidates that have the ability to effectively communicate both verbally and written in French & English will be given preference if the qualifications are equal, 
Must have a clear vulnerable sector screen, no older than 6 months, TB test results less than 6 months old, evidence of flu shot, must be able to provide three work references. 
 How to apply? 
 Please submit a resume, cover letter, and references. We look forward to speaking with you, and making every moment count!Our organization takes the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities into account during the position summary review process. Employees are required to notify their director manager/supervisor if they have any particular accessibility needs and the organization will work with the employee to address them. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
