Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 0 
 5 Best Expat Jobs Around The World 
 Posted by   admin  | 21st October 2013 |  Why not Finland 
 People choose to work abroad for many reasons. In most cases, there is the lure of  good money  and a better lifestyle than they could get at home. For others, especially independent young people with no family responsibilities, the chance to see some of the world is the main attraction. 
 According to a recent  HSBC Bank International study  , the best place for expatriates who want to earn high salaries and enjoy the lifestyles that go with them is Singapore. 
 The United Arab Emirates and the United States follow, are tied in second place, with Belgium, Hong Kong and the Scandinavian countries also ranking in the top 10. These might be great places to live and below is a list of a few expat jobs that are worth considering. 
 1. Chartered Accountant 
 Numbers are universal and with the world economic situation remaining uncertain, Chartered Accountants are in demand. Salaries vary widely with the role but accountants can expect very good remuneration, often in excess of  US$100, 000  a year at senior level in the United States. 
 2. Psychiatrist 
 For a job that pays very well in one of the best countries to work as an expatriate, it’s hard to look past psychiatry. In the United States, psychiatrists earn an average of around  US$160,000  a year – clearly very good work if you can get it. 
 3. English teacher 
 The English language is in demand all around the world so for native speakers there are employment opportunities virtually everywhere. A qualification in teaching English as a second language and some experience will almost guarantee employment – a degree qualification is even better. Well-qualified teachers can earn over  US$6,000  a month in Hong Kong (along with other benefits). Similar salaries are available in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States with the added benefit of being tax-free. 
 4. Tourism Australia 
 Following on from its 2009 campaign to find a Caretaker of the Great Barrier Reef, Tourism Australia has invited applications from 18 to 30 year-olds for six posts around Australia ranging from Lifestyle Photographer in Melbourne to Wildlife Caretaker in South Australia and Chief Funster in New South Wales. These short-term posts offer a fantastic opportunity for young people looking for adventure in a new country whilst working against a very laid back schedule. 
 5. Yacht crew 
 There are super yachts belonging to the rich and famous sailing around the world all the time – and they all need professional crews. Could there be a better way to see the world and get paid for it? Salaries are variable but crews get to rub shoulders with some of the richest folk around and to see the most extravagant of the world’s resorts. 
 Opportunities for work overseas abound for those who are suitably qualified. From places like Finland, where shortages in healthcare are expected in the next few years, to South Africa, where engineers are currently in demand, finding the best expat job doesn't have to be difficult. 
 Related Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 Related Jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 23 Jan  2021
2. Type
Freelance
Job
 Junior Action Developer / Director 
Location
 Central Finland  Finland
Date Posted
 23 Jan  2021
3. Type
Freelance
Job
 Physical education instructor, lifeguard 
Location
 Uusimaa  Finland
Date Posted
 23 Jan  2021 
 52389 total views, 2 today 
 Tags:  education ,  expat jobs ,  Finland ,  health 
 
 Subscribe to RSS Feed 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
