Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Private Investigator 
 AFIMAC Canada 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 _  AFIMAC is seeking licensed Private Investigators for upcoming projects throughout the province of Ontario. _ 
 ***Please read the full job posting and apply on Indeed. Calls to our AFIMAC Head Office will result in your application being denied. After reviewing your resume, we will reach out to qualified individuals VIA email to schedule an interview. *** 
 You will earn approximately $1768 per week while on assignments as well as a $30/day meal per diem. Contract Duration 1-30 days. 
 AFIMAC Investigators are deployed to various types of assignments including: 
 
 Labour Disruptions 
 Organized protests 
 Man made crisis/disasters (crime scenes,structural fires,etc.) 
 
 Required Education, Skills and Qualifications 
 _  To be eligible to work for AFIMAC you must meet the following criteria: _ 
 
 Possess a valid private investigator license in the province of Ontario 
 Flexibility and a willingness to travel on short notice within your home province to projects for extended periods of time (minimum 4 week commitment) 
 Ability to work 12 hour shifts, including weekends and holidays 
 Able to sit, walk, stand, and or drive for extended periods of time 
 Able to read, write, and speak English 
 Be a Canadian resident and legally entitled to work in Canada 
 Previous experience dealing with confrontational situations and having the ability to de-escalate with little to no supervision 
 Experience with the court injunction process 
 Excellent report writing skills 
 
 Company Profile 
 AFIMAC is a global risk management and elite security company. For more than 30 years, AFIMAC has helped image-conscious companies and organizations across the globe to plan and execute services that mitigate and eliminate risk. AFIMAC prides itself in the long-term partnerships it establishes with clients to protect people and property in times of crisis and in regular business operations. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Contract 
 Salary: $1,768.00 per week 
 Experience: 
 
 Investigations: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Private Investigator (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
