Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Team Lead, Student Support Services 
 Pearson 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Description 
 We are the world’s learning company with more than 24,000 employees operating in 70 countries. We combine world-class educational content and assessment,powered by services and technology, to enable more effective teaching and personalized learning at scale. We believe that wherever learning flourishes so do people. 
 Summary 
 The Team Lead of Student Support’s primary responsibility is to build an effective, trusting relationship with each student that ultimately promotes student persistence. This includes communicating with the student in an effective manner, setting goals, advising students on effective problem solving, assessing student risk factors and responding accordingly. The Team Lead, Student Support is responsible for representing the University or College brand and providing students with the institutional information, guidelines, policies and procedures regarding new and returning student enrollments. This includes providing academic course requirements, course registration, and timelines to complete all items regarding their degree program or course of study. Additionally, this position is responsible for managing accurate student information regarding their progress throughout the degree program. The Team Lead, in addition to their Coach responsibilities, will also be responsible for assisting in the training and onboarding of new employees within Student Support Specialists as well as the ongoing training and development of the Student Support Specialist team. The team lead will also be accountable for assisting in the support and retention of at risk students. 
 General Responsibilities 
 Specific duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 ● Guide and Monitor students’ progress regarding issues such as student orientation, course selection and registration, course materials, billing and navigating the online courses. 
 ● Provide high touch support to students and act as the student’s main point of contact during their program of study. 
 ● Follow established communication plan guidelines and protocol. 
 ● Contact each new student to conduct a Learning Preparedness Assessment or similar process, including leading new student welcome/orientation calls. Communicate course information and required course materials to students to ensure preparedness well in advance of course start dates. 
 ● Evaluate student’s abilities, interests and personality characteristics in order to provide regular guidance and support activities. 
 ● Timely response to student’s inquiries – if a student inquires before noon a response is required by end of the current business day, if the student inquires after noon, a response is required before noon the next business. 
 ● Completes all tasks as defined in the timelines assigned. 
 ● Proactively contact students by telephone and email to build and maintain relationships for retention purposes. 
 ● Acclimatize new students to the learning environment including leading new student welcome/orientation calls and webinars. 
 ● Advise students on university administrative matters (registration, withdrawal, course materials, financial aid, etc.). 
 ● Maintain accurate and complete student enrollment records as required by university governance and all laws, policies and administrative regulations and policies, to include keeping accurate information in the CRM. 
 ● Follow up with students that contacted Technical Support to ensure their issue is resolved. 
 ● Identify and respond to at-risk behaviors by offering additional support and counseling. 
 ● Meet or exceed student retention program metrics each term. 
 ● Implement reentry initiatives to bring inactive students back into the program. 
 ● Accurately and effectively communicate student feedback to internal and external departments. 
 ● Escalate student retention concerns to Manager’s attention. 
 ● Facilitate student requests for assistance such as contacting campus based facilitators for arranging additional academic tutoring and referring students to the appropriate university services. 
 ● Attend all required internal and external professional meetings, telephone conferences and training workshops to maintain and improve competence. 
 ● Assists with the onboarding of new team members, coordinating their schedule with the training team and ensuring they are able to shadow a varied segment of the Student Support team 
 ● In collaboration with the Associate Director of Student Support Services, assist with ongoing training and development of the Student Support team. 
 ● Facilitates mock student scenarios with Student Coaches to ensure continuous improvement 
 ● Works with Student Support team members to assess their workflow and make recommendations on alternative ways to maximize their productivity 
 ● Listens in on student calls for new Coaches and provide mentoring to ensure the highest quality of student support 
 ● Acts as an informal Mentor to the Student Support team, with a particular focus on new employees 
 ● Serves as a tier two support system in assisting at risk students 
 Qualifications 
 4-year degree from an accredited institution OR appropriate combination of experience and education 
 Two years or more of previous customer service experience in a high volume corporate or call center environment 
 Minimum of 1 year in the Senior Student Support Specialist role 
 Ability to work effectively across teams 
 Professional oral, written and communication skills for effective contact and presentation with stakeholders 
 The ability to multi-task, and work well under pressure with tight timelines 
 Must be able to perform non-local travel up to 10% 
 Supervisory Responsibilities 
 ● None 
 Primary Location:  CA-ON-North York 
 Work Locations:  CA-Toronto-105 Gordon Baker 105 Gordon Baker Rd North York M2H 3P8 
 Job:  Learning Delivery 
 Organization:  North America 
 Employee Status:  Regular Employee 
 Job Type:  Standard 
 Shift:  Day Job 
 Job Posting:  Nov 28, 2020 
 Job Unposting:  Ongoing 
 Schedule:  Full-time Temporary 
 Req ID:  2011004 
 Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
