shauncn512659 Context & Narrative 
 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Link to The Art of Photography 
 Link to Setting the Scene Blog 
 Link to Photography II - Landscape 
 Research and Reflection 
 
 Notes 
 Reflections 
 Research 
 Exhibitions 
 Courses 
 Books 
 
 
 Part One - The Photograph as document 
 
 Project 1 - Eyewitness 
 Project 2 - Photojounalism 
 Project 3 - Reportage 
 Project 4 - The gallery wall - documentary as art 
 Project 5 - The manipulated image 
 
 
 Part Two - Narrative 
 
 Project 1 - Telling a story 
 Project 2 - Image and text 
 Project 3 - Photographing the unseen 
 
 
 Part Three - Putting yourself in the picture 
 
 Project 1 - Autobiographical self-portraiture 
 Project 2 - Masquerades 
 Project 3 - Self-absented portraiture 
 
 
 Part Four - Reading photographs 
 
 Project 1 - The language of photography 
 Project 2 - Reading pictures 
 
 
 Part Five - Constructed realities and the fabricated image 
 
 Project 1 - Setting the scene 
 Project 2 - The archive 
 
 
 Formal Assessment 
 
 Assignment I 
 Assignment II 
 Assignment III 
 Assignment IV 
 Assignment V 
 Reflections on Assessment report 
 
 
 Assignments 
 
 Assignment One 
 
 Assignment One 
 Working Log for A1 
 A1 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Two 
 
 Assignment Two 
 Working Log for A2 
 A2 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Three 
 
 Assignment Three 
 Working Log A3 
 A3 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Four 
 
 Assignment Four 
 Working Log A4 
 A4 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Five 
 
 Assignment Five 
 Working Log A5 
 A5 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 Assignment III - Self-Portrait 
 Leave a reply 
 A self-portrait of Shaun Mullins as regarded by others 
 Friend - Carol: “Oxford concise dictionary definition -  Personality  - the characteristic way in which a particular individual think’s, feels and behaves. It embraces a person’s moods, attitudes and opinions and is most clearly expressed in interaction with other people. 
 Friend – Carol: “Committed, Determined, Dogged, Driven, Focussed, Fixated, Interested, Passionate, Pedantic” 
 My father - Barrie: “He is a man of high ability when he wishes to exercise it.” 
 Friend – Graham: “When you take on a task, you determine to complete it.” 
 My wife – Sarah: “Is self-reflective and keen to learn.” 
 My father - Barrie: “Despite success in life and work his confidence has a hard job to keep pace and instead of celebrating (boasting even) he appears to denigrate any achievements. Always under selling himself it appears.” 
 My wife – Sarah: “Can suffer from low morale at times which has a tendency to make him morose and negative however, is easily coaxed out of himself.” 
 My wife – Sarah: “A true animal lover who responds well to animals as they do to him.” 
 Friend – Carol: “Pedantic, Passionate, Fervent, Enthusiastic,” 
 Friend – Graham: “Your primary weakness is communication - Think about what you want to say, before you open your mouth. Keep your anecdotes SHORT. – People like to be entertained…but they don’t need and cannot absorb unnecessary detail. - You haven’t yet learned the value of silence.” 
 Friend – Carol: “Interested” 
 Friend – Graham: “Don’t stand too close to people, when you speak to them. Women, in particular, find this threatening and unpleasant.” 
 My wife - Sarah: “Is generally of a cheerful disposition and is for the most part positive.” 
 My wife – Sarah: “Is friendly and enjoys company but can also be quite a private person who doesn’t like to share his inner thoughts and feelings.” 
 Friend – Carol: “Conscientious, Courteous, Loyal, Staunch, Steady, Reasoning” 
 My father - Barrie: “A man that one would rely on and trust protecting one’s back in this dangerous world.” 
 Friend - Graham: “You are loyal and reliable.” 
 My wife – Sarah: “Gentle natured, sensitive to the needs of others. – Passionate about justice, has a strong moral code – Is fiercely loyal. - A generous disposition and shares with others.” 
 Friend – Carol: “Reasoning, Measured, Pedantic, Serious, Stubborn, Single-minded, Cynical, Sardonic, Questioning.” 
 My wife - Sarah: “Is patient but doesn't suffer fools.” 
 My father - Barrie: “Socially he is very discerning of people in general, which in one sense is good, but he does not suffer fools gladly and appears to have little compassion for the frailties in many, if not most of mankind.” 
 Friend - Graham: “You have high moral principles and you stick to them…sometimes too stubbornly…the world is not black and white. But you are extremely trustworthy.” 
 
 This entry was posted in  Assignment 3  and tagged  ability ,  achievements ,  animal ,  animals ,  attitudes ,  Carol ,  celebrating ,  characteristic ,  cheerful ,  Committed ,  Communication ,  company ,  complete ,  concise ,  confidence ,  Conscientious ,  Courteous ,  dangerous ,  definition ,  denigrate ,  determine ,  Determined ,  dictionary ,  disposition ,  Dogged ,  Driven ,  embraces ,  Enthusiastic ,  exercise ,  father ,  Fervent ,  fiercely ,  Fixated ,  focussed ,  friend ,  friendly ,  Graham ,  interaction ,  Interested ,  job ,  justice ,  learn ,  Loyal ,  moods ,  morale ,  morose ,  mouth ,  opinions ,  others ,  Oxford ,  Passionate ,  Pedantic ,  people ,  person ,  personality ,  positive ,  primary ,  private ,  protecting ,  Reasoning ,  reflective ,  reliable ,  Sarah ,  self-reflective ,  sensitive ,  Staunch ,  Steady ,  task ,  threatening ,  unpleasant ,  wife ,  work ,  world  on  June 30, 2016  by  shauncn512659 . 
 Exercise-Project-3-Self-absented Portraiture 
 Leave a reply 
 Photo by Nigel Shafran, Titled, 4th January 2004. Three bean soup, cauliflower vegetable cheese. Morning coffee and croissants. From the series Washing-up. Available to view online:  http://nigelshafran.com 
 This image has a tell-tale clue that this is a man's washing-up from the drying paint-brush hanging over the sink. It doesn't surprise me that these photos are taken by a man; but the choice of subject matter does. I am sure many married men (I being one) often do the washing up. My father often washes up for my mother but he often does such a poor job of it needs cleaning again. Thankfully I don't follow in this tradition. 
 I would agree with the opinion that gender does contribute to a the creation on an image. for the reasons that certain issues will have more of a personal interest to one gender than the other for example - various feminine social, private and public politics; sexuality; male and female health issues to mention just a few. 
 These images have been composed without including people in the frame. The angles and vantage points of the camera puts the viewer at normal head height relative to the subject matter. This gives the impression to me of putting the viewer in to the picture; so that this not only can represent the artists daily chores but also offering up the chore to the viewer to do. 
 As a still-life the concept of putting the viewer in to the picture I do find interesting but these images as they stand as photos of washing-up, I wouldn't spend much time in a gallery scrutinizing. Has these images been carefully arranged? Perhaps, perhaps not. 
 This entry was posted in  Part three ,  Project 3 Self-absented portaiture  and tagged  agree ,  angles ,  arranged ,  artists ,  camera ,  carefully ,  choice ,  chore ,  chores ,  clue ,  composed ,  daily ,  drying ,  father ,  female ,  feminine ,  frame ,  gendre ,  hanging ,  health ,  height ,  image ,  images ,  impression ,  issues ,  job ,  male ,  man ,  married ,  matter ,  men ,  mother ,  normal ,  opinion ,  photos ,  picture ,  points ,  politics ,  poor ,  private ,  public ,  relative ,  represent ,  scrutinizing ,  sexuality ,  sink ,  social ,  stand ,  still-life ,  subject ,  tell-tale ,  Time ,  tradition ,  vantage ,  viewer ,  washing-up  on  May 5, 2016  by  shauncn512659 . 
 Assignment II - The Unseen 
 Leave a reply 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 The Unseen 
 I HAVE RECENTLY BEEN MADE REDUNDANT…… 
 I have found that companies are generally now looking to recruit from a headhunting point of view with candidates having to bring customers, and business contacts with them. 
 Eventually I found another job in a new industry, the learning curve was steep. I spent a lot of time away from home travelling. I worked tirelessly to achieve my goals. Tasked to introduce a new engineering concept, the product I was selling was expensive and required time to persuade industries to change their long established methods. However, after only nine months my company decided that I was not meeting their objectives and sacked me. 
 This came as a huge blow, I felt that I had been set up to fail and totally deflated. At first I thought I could cope but this second redundancy so soon after the first took its toll and my confidence began to evaporate with every new rejection. It wasn’t long before I didn’t want to switch on my computer in order to job search and as a result of having attended some absolutely dreadful job interviews, I began to dread the prospect of going to any more. My health began to suffer. 
 Fortunately, my wife, a trained therapist, recognised my symptoms of clinical depression and encouraged me to consider a complete change of direction in my career. She also persuaded me to adopt a dog from Battersea to keep me company. I have now had the time and space to consider alternative options and I have returned to my love of photography. I realize that this is what I want to do more than anything. I am now making a fresh start with new hope and optimism for the future. 
 I WAS RECENTLY MADE REDUNDANT. 
 Candidates having to bring customers, and business contacts with them. 
 I found another job - the learning curve was steep. 
 I spent a lot of time away from home travelling. Then they sacked me. 
 My health began to suffer. 
 She persuaded me to adopt a dog from Battersea. 
 I am now making a fresh start with new hope and optimism for the future. 
 This entry was posted in  Assignment 2 ,  Uncategorized  and tagged  achieve ,  applying ,  bad ,  blow ,  candidates ,  companies ,  company ,  computer ,  concept ,  confidence ,  contacts ,  cope ,  customers ,  deflated ,  descriptions ,  dire ,  economic ,  essential ,  evaporated ,  evoporated ,  fail ,  goals ,  impatient ,  individual ,  industry ,  introduce ,  job ,  love ,  lowest ,  market ,  methods ,  objectives ,  OCA ,  photography ,  point ,  point-of-view ,  prospect ,  realistic ,  redundancy ,  redundant ,  Reflections ,  rejection ,  sectors ,  skill ,  specific ,  steep ,  Time ,  unrealistically  on  April 18, 2016  by  shauncn512659 . 
 Project 2, Exercise - Metaphor - working log. 
 Leave a reply 
 For this exercise I chose the poem 'Not Waving But Drowning' by  Stevie Smith , 1902 - 1971. 
 I first read this poem over 20 years ago and re-discovered it when searching for a suitable poem for this exercise amongst the books on my book-shelves. This particular poem was published in, The New Oxford Book of English Verse, Chosen and edited by  Helen Gardener , Oxford University Press. 
 Not Waving But Drowning, immediately resonated with me as my wife is going through a very difficult time with her family. However, I will not attempt to produce images that make reference to my personnel issues in this exercise; but I will explore other ideas to complement this poem. 
 I have discovered an interesting short recital by Stevie Smith of this poem on YouTube.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FKHWEWOrL9s 
 My idea is to take this poem and turn it in to a narrative of my own. 
 I began by writing down key words and phrases and then looking for ideas. 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 I also typed and printed the poem which I analysed and looked at each line and each paragraph 
 The first paragraph of this poem for my story is a man who is drowning but is not aware of his peril. Nobody heard him, because perhaps, he didn't know how much danger he was in. However, his friends and family may have been able to see the danger; but dismissed it, thinking that he could cope. 
 For the second paragraph I interpret that our hero has now met his fate and his friends and family are making excuses for themselves. 
 In the final paragraph our hero has now drowned and is protesting against the excuses and as he now realizes - all too late, just how much danger he really had been in. 
 As I have thought this through, I was originally thinking of producing as many as 7 or 8 images. But then having discussed my ideas with my wife, she reminded me that I am searching for metaphors to convey my feelings. After a nights sleep I returned to my notes, re-read the exercises criteria and focussed on, "develop metaphorical and visceral interpretations rather than obvious and literal ones." "Don't attempt to describe the poem but instead give a sense of the feeling of the poem and the essence it exudes." Re-reading these lines and referring back to my notes, I realized that I only needed three images in total - One for each paragraph: An image to represent his drowning in his own folly and an image to represent his friends discussing his fate; and a final image representing his loss. 
 I decided that before I could go any further with this exercise, I had to do some more reading to research ideas. I first turned to a book that I read when preparing for my last assignment with Art of Photography course, Illustration and Narrative, The Fundamentals of Creative Photography by David Prakel and published by AVA. I re-read the chapter on Communication which briefly covers semiotics. I then read Photography by Stephen Bull, published by Routledge. Chapters 3 and 4 helped me formulate my final ideas for this exercise. Chapter 3 provided me with a better insight in to the theory of semiotics; but it was chapter 4 on advertising that the proverbial penny dropped and I saw my solution in how to use semiotics for this exercise. The answer was the theory of relay and example mentioned in this book (page 68) a bank using images of conveying a feelings of joy with the caption, "This is what saving feels like." This one passage provided me with the answer to my problem of finding the idea of simple images that can work in relay to my poem. The first two images will be relay and my last image will be both indexical and relay. 
   
   
 I then went back to my notes and the ideas began to form. The first image that began to materialise was the middle image and I thought of a wake. I wanted a fairly simple representation and all the wakes I have ever been to include a fair amount of booze; so I thought of just a picture of a mix of half filled glasses on a bar to represent the mourners. 
 I originally had an idea for my drowned victim having been overwhelmed by debt and thought an image representing brochures, catalogues, and unpaid bills pilled up high might make a good representation and so I sketched it as in idea; but on reflection I didn't feel it was strong enough. Then I had the idea that drowning could be a metaphor for being overwhelmed by success or the pressure to succeed and drugs are becoming more and more common in the professional high flyer corporate world, with the use of cocaine becoming very common. I then sketched out some ideas and also looked on the web for images of drug use in order to provide a realistic looking image. My final image came to me when I was sketching the drug ideas, I thought of a body in a morgue and I found an image on line of naked feet with a label attached to one of the toes. This I could re-produce easily myself. Not my idea, but I doubt there is such a thing as an original idea anymore anyway. 
   
   
 I decided that with the resulting images, I would turn then from colour to black and white as I feel that black and white conveys more atmosphere / sense of feeling and emotion that colour does not and was best suited for this poem. 
 This is the first image I made. I used a silver and crystal cocktail tray, icing sugar, a razor blade, a rolled up old Turkish note and my mobile phone with a suitably chosen image downloaded from the internet. I first tried using strobe lighting but couldn't get a good image due to the reflection; so I used natural light and two reflectors to direct the family-of-angels for the reflected light off the star etched in to the crystal tray. I used black felt material under the tray to get the jet black background. Camera was on a tripod, 105mm, f/2.8, prime-lens, 1sec, f/11, ISO-125, manual focus. Adjustments made in Lightroom and converted to grey-scale in Photoshop. 
 This is in fact a self-portrait, using a white mattress cover and sheet on my bed, I set my camera on a tripod, set to self-timer, 20 seconds, manual focused using edge of the bed as a focus point. Marked mattress cover with Cello-tape to indicate the boundaries for my feet. I used my Sekonic light-meter to get an incidence reading for a correct exposure, with my feet pointing towards the window; so using just natural light to keep it simple. 24-120mm f/4 zoom, @ 70mm, 1/125, f/4.5, ISO-320, manual focus. Adjustments made in Lightroom with grey-scale conversion made in Photoshop. 
 I had an arm-band from previous funerals that I draped over a picture, re-introduced the mobile-phone with the same image and added the drinks glasses and bottles to suggest the people chatting about the dead-man. Again I kept it simple by using only natural light. The camera was mounted on a tripod, 105mm f2.8 prime-lens, 1/5sec, f/5, ISO-320, manual focused. Adjustments made in Lightroom and converted to grey-scale using Photoshop. 
 My original idea was to start with the image of the drugs, then the image of the drinks and finally the image of the feet; but when I uploaded the images and reviewed it I felt that it worked better by starting from the point of view that he is already dead with the explanation of his death being the last picture. 
 This entry was posted in  Books ,  Part Two ,  Project 2 Image and text ,  Reflection  and tagged  agendas ,  answer ,  assignment ,  attention ,  AVA ,  aware ,  bank ,  book ,  book-shelves ,  Bull ,  caption ,  Cello-tape ,  character ,  Communication ,  convey ,  cope ,  correct ,  criteria ,  danger ,  dead ,  death ,  discussed ,  dismissed ,  dropped ,  drown ,  drowned ,  Drowning ,  English ,  excuses ,  exercise ,  exhaustion ,  exposure ,  exudes ,  family ,  familyof-angels ,  fate ,  feelings ,  final ,  focus ,  focussed ,  folly ,  friends ,  Gardener ,  grey-scale ,  heard ,  hero ,  idea ,  ideas ,  illustration ,  image ,  incidence ,  indexical ,  interpret ,  interpretations ,  issues ,  job ,  joy ,  light ,  light-meter ,  Lightroom ,  lines ,  listen ,  literal ,  looking ,  manual ,  metaphor ,  metaphors ,  miss-communication ,  miss-understanding ,  Narrative ,  natural ,  Nobody ,  Notes ,  obvious ,  other-way ,  Oxford ,  paragraph ,  parents ,  passage ,  penny ,  peril ,  personnel ,  Photoshop ,  poem ,  point-of-view ,  Prakel ,  press ,  prime-lens ,  problem ,  protesting ,  proverbial ,  published ,  re-discovered ,  re-read ,  reading ,  realizes ,  recital ,  Reflection ,  relationship ,  relay ,  reminded ,  represent ,  Research ,  resonates ,  Routledge ,  Sekonic ,  self-portrait ,  self-timer ,  semiotics ,  sister ,  sister-in-law ,  sketched ,  Smith ,  story ,  stress ,  strobe ,  theory ,  tripod ,  turn ,  University ,  Verse ,  visceral ,  Waving ,  wife ,  YouTube  on  April 4, 2016  by  shauncn512659 . 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Nude, Conceptual Approaches to Fine Art Photography 
 The Adobe Lightroom CC / Lightroom 6 
 The result of my final Assessment. 
 About Looking by John Berger 
 The Burden of Representaion, Essays on Photographies Histories by John Tagg 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 shauncn512659  on  Tutor's feedback for Ass… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Holly Woodward  on  Tutor's feedback for Ass… 
 
 
 Mum on  Project 2, Exercise -… 
 
 
 
 Mum on  Assignment One - Two sid… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2019 
 February 2018 
 April 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 Assignment One 
 
 A1 Relections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 1 
 Working Log A1 
 
 
 Assignment Two 
 
 A2 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 2 
 Working Log A2 
 
 
 Assignments 
 
 Assignment Five 
 
 A5 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 5 
 Working Log A5 
 
 
 Assignment Four 
 
 A4 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 4 
 Working Log A4 
 
 
 Assignment Three 
 
 A3 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 3 
 Working Log A3 
 
 
 
 
 Coursework 
 
 Part One 
 
 Project 1 Eyewitness? 
 Project 2 Photojournalism 
 Project 3 Reportage 
 Project 4 The Gallery Wall - documentary as art 
 
 
 
 
 Formal Assessment 
 
 Assessment I 
 Assessment II 
 Assessment III 
 Assessment IV 
 Assessment V 
 Reflections of Formal Assessment Report 
 
 
 Part Five 
 
 Project 1 Setting the scene 
 Project 2 The archive 
 
 
 Part Four 
 
 Project 1 The language of photography 
 Project 2 Reading pictures 
 
 
 Part three 
 
 Project 2 Masquerades 
 Project 3 Self-absented portaiture 
 
 
 Part Two 
 
 Project 1 Telling a story 
 Project 2 Image and text 
 Project 3 Photographing the unseen 
 
 
 Project 1 Autobiographical self-portraiture 
 Project 5 The Manipulated Image 
 Research 
 Research and Reflections 
 
 Books 
 courses 
 Exhibitions 
 Notes 
 Reflection 
 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
