X 
 Looking for onsite injury prevention and management for your workforce? 
 Leave us your email and we will get in touch with you as soon as we can! 
 Email 
 Thank you! Your submission has been received! 
 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 
 Share: 
  
  
  
 
 Mon-Fri | 8:00A-6:00P EST 
Business Service hours 
 Contact Form 
Get in touch with us 
 (888) 968-2980 
Give us a call today 
 Home About 
 Services 
 Telehealth Injury Prevention Ergonomics Wellness Management Injury Management 
 
 careers contact us Blog Live-Fit 
 Blog 
 Workplace Warm-ups for Physically Demanding Jobs 
 By 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 May 12, 2020 
 September 4, 2020 
 Published 
  
 Ergonomics 
 Having a physical job that keeps you on your feet all day may mean aches and pains when going back home. Warming up before you work can help  ease the pain that comes after —and the pain that lingers. 
 With all the stress you place on your body  from repetitive , everyday movements, the extra tension and loading on your body could even lead to some permanent damage. Even if you aren’t a heavy-lifter during the workday, you will need to warm up for work. 
 To help you avoid lasting pain that could potentially sideline you from your job, it’s important not only what you do during work and after—but what you do  prior to your shift . 
 Just like a player preparing for practice, you’ve got to warm your body for the movements that lie ahead. 
 In this article, we‘re going to go through a few very simple stretches, workplace warm-up exercises and movements to help you stay fit for your everyday job. 
 Preparing for Your Workday 
 Stretching and warm-up exercises  can help you prepare for the day ahead. Incorporate the into getting ready for your shift. 
 The best part about it? These stretches don’t take very long—and will have lasting benefits. You’ll feel more mobile and flexible while working, which can help increase your productivity. 
 Warm Up Before You Begin 
 Getting your body moving before you stretch is important—so start your day with a brisk walk around the workplace. It can also help if you get in 10 minutes earlier to get it done. 
 This can help get your blood pumping and your muscles more pliable before you begin stretching. 
 Using your lower body: 
 If your job predominantly uses your legs—lifting, walking stairs or  even pushing , incorporate these stretches before you get moving: 
 Figure 4 
 This stretch targets your  glutes  and  your hips.  
 How to do it:  Starting on your back on the floor or against a wall or sitting upright, bend one leg at about a 45-degree angle. Take the other leg and cross it over, with your ankle resting on the thigh right above the knee. If you can, reach behind the knee and pull toward you. 
 Inchworm 
 This stretch targets your glutes, hamstrings, and calves. 
 How to do it:  Standing with your  feet  hip-width apart, bend forward until your palms touch the floor (or use a bed or low table if you cannot reach). When you’re ready, walk your hands out to as far as you can reach in front of you while still maintaining contact with the floor. Pause, then walk your hands back to your feet. 
 Using your upper body: 
 If you’re pushing, pulling or  carrying objects  throughout the day, incorporate these stretches before you get moving: 
 Angry Cat, Happy Cat 
 This stretch targets your back,  shoulders , and  chest. 
 How to do it:  On all fours, exhale and round-out your spine—this is the angry cat. When you inhale, your tailbone and chest should be lifted—this is the happy cat. 
 Neck Flexion, Extension, and Rotation 
 This stretch targets the different muscles of the  neck . 
 How to do it:  Exaggerate the movement of your head as if you are nodding “yes” and shaking “no” 
 Shoulder Stretch 
 This stretch targets your shoulders. 
 How to do it:  Whether sitting or standing, take one arm across your body. Place the other hand on the shoulder or right behind the  elbow  of the arm that is crossed. Hold this position for 10-15 seconds then repeat on the other side. 
 Warm-Up Fit For Work 
 Depending on the movements of your job, the stretches can be interchanged, removed, and have new stretches added to your routine. 
 However, no matter which stretches are a part of your warmup, it’s important that you get moving. 
 Work-Fit  is a nationwide leader of applying sports medicine techniques in the workplace to prevent injuries and lower your bottom line. 
 Just as professional sports teams have athletic trainers to prevent injuries to players, so will your company. 
 We believe in treating the corporate/occupational worker as an athlete, because the occupational athlete has many of the same physical demands.  By integrating  our certified healthcare professionals with your team, we can deliver the same level of care provided to a professional athlete that will keep your team members healthy and on the job. 
 Whether you work in  warehousing ,  manufacturing , aerial transport, automotive production,  agriculture and forestry , corporate offices, or construction,  connect with Work-Fit today  to keep your team healthy and safe. 
 Share 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 Kimber has been with Work-Fit for over 14 years and has dedicated her professional career to helping others. 
 Director of Operations 
   
 Categories 
 Infographics 
 Injury Prevention 
 Ergonomics 
 recent posts 
 How the Packaging Industry Is Changing During COVID 
 What Returning Cruise Ship Workers Need to Keep in Mind in a COVID World 
 Telehealth: What You Need to Know 
 Common Carpentry In juries and How to Prevent Them 
 How To Stay Safe While Landscaping 
 See More 
 Why Leadership Programs Are Essential For Workplace Wellness 
 Best Postures For Standing, Sitting, And Lying Down 
 5 Ways to Prevent Slips, Trips, & Falls in the Workplace 
 Protecting Your Eyes At Work 
 Employee Altercations and How to Stop Them Early 
 How Employee Wellness Programs Save Your Company Money 
 Implementing Effective Workplace Wellness Initiatives 
 Understanding and Applying OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Programs 
 Overuse Injuries: Causes, Prevention, and Rehabilitation 
 Keeping You Working with Light Duty  
 Preventing Injuries and Keeping the General Motors Team Fit 
 The Unseen Hazards of “Low-Hazard” Industries 
 How to Prevent & Rehab Common Sprains & Strains 
 Addressing Hand-Arm Vibration Syndrome (HAVS) in the Workplace 
 Finding The Best Work Gloves For Safety 
 How Effective Breaks at Work Increase Productivity 
 Ladder Safety For Your Employees 
 Forklifts Are More Dangerous Than You Think 
 The Most Important Safety Tips For Working On a Full-Fledged Construction Site 
 Staying Awake on the Job: Rest, Recovery, and Your Sleep Habits 
 Tips for the Aging Workforce 
 Workplace Warm-ups for Physically Demanding Jobs 
 5 Cost-Effective Back Injury Prevention Best Practices 
 5 Mindful Tips and Motivational Tools for Your Quarantined Workforce 
 Keeping Your Bartender Healthy & Injury-Free 
 Sports Medicine Techniques Promote Safety for Rail-Track Workers 
 How Sports Medicine Techniques Can Improve Plumbing Health and Safety 
 The Little Known Dangers That Put Concrete Workers at Risk 
 The Possible Injury Related Dangers for Fishing Workers 
 Think Twice Before Taking NSAIDs 
 Bus Driver Safety 
 Injury-Free Hotel Housekeeping 
 3 Public Sector Occupations That Benefit from Injury Prevention and Care 
 Proper Snow Removal Techniques 
 5 Sports Medicine Techniques for Healthcare Workplace Safety 
 Don't Let Minor Injuries Go Unnoticed In the Workplace 
 Safety in the Oil and Gas Industry 
 Work Zone Safety Practices to Protect Utility Workers 
 Preventing Injuries in the Food Preparation Industry 
 How Rehabilitation Can Help Brain Injured Veterans Return to the Workforce 
 Three Costly Risks of Ignoring OSHA Regulations 
 Yes, Drill Sergeant! Common Boot Camp Injuries and How to Prevent Them 
 3 Reasons Why Return to Work Programs are Critical for Operational Performance 
 How a CCTV Safety Program Will Make Your Company Safer 
 3 Important Reasons for Early Injury Reporting 
 Our Hospital Heroes Need Help! - Ergonomic Improvements That Keep Nurses Saving Lives 
 Stopping Health Care Workers from Becoming Patients: 3 Ergonomic Injury Risk Prevention Strategies 
 Three Strategies for Proactive Prevention of Workplace Injuries 
 The Costs of Ignoring Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 On Repeat: Workplace Solutions for Repetitive Motions 
 5 Keys to Ensure Employee Safety When Storing Hazardous Materials 
 5 Signs Your Company Needs an Ergonomics Evaluation 
 Is a Job Rotation Program a Fit for Your Organization 
 Four Ways to Address Ergonomic Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 Taking Out the Trash - 3 Ways to Keep Waste Management Workers Healthy 
 3 Big Ways to Stay Comfortable While Flying the Friendly Skies 
 5 Ergonomic Best Practices for Emergency First Responders 
 5 Common Safety Hazards Present in Warehouse Operations 
 Musculoskeletal Conditions Slowing Down the Trade Industry 
 5 Tips for Establishing a Workplace Safety Committee 
 Planting the Seeds of Safety in the Agriculture Industry 
 Heat or Ice? Settling the Debate When It Comes to Workplace Injuries 
 10 Ways to Stop Workplace Injuries Related to Pushing & Pulling  
 Practicing Progressive Muscle Relaxation For Stress Relief 
 Carrying Up Stairs & Keeping Your Workers Safe on the Job 
 Vehicle Loading and Unloading: Keeping Your Workers Safe 
 Injury Prevention Within the Logging Industry 
 How Reach Zones Help Manufacturing Employees Lead Safer Lives 
 Safety Tips For Roofers 
 Proper Workstation Lighting Ergonomics In The Office 
 Proper Lifting Technique To Teach Your Employees 
 Back Support Tips for Truck Drivers 
 Helpful or Harmful: Caffeine and Headaches INFOGRAPHIC 
 Truck Driving Ergonomics 101 
 Unseen Benefits of Ergonomic Footrests At Your Desk 
 Practice Ladder Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 How to Stay Hydrated INFOGRAPHIC 
 Fire Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 Desk Ergonomics 101 
 5 Senses to Help Manage Stress INFOGRAPHIC 
 Sitting Disease & How to Avoid It 
 Workplace Stress Management Techniques 
 Eye Fatigue: Management & Prevention 
 Health & Wellness Management for Office Workers 
 How to Sit Properly At Your Desk 
 How Wellbeing in the Workplace Improves Brand Health 
 How to Boost Employee Morale and Motivation (Without Raising Salary) 
 5 Ways to Use Feedback to Boost Morale at Work 
 5 Studies That Prove the Benefits of Ergonomics 
 How an Accident at Work Hurts More Than the Employee 
 Work-Related Injuries That Your Company Can Prevent 
 5 Work Culture Strategies to Improve Employee Health 
 How to Reduce Your Lost Time Injury Rates 
 How Can My Company Reduce Workers' Comp Expenses? 
 How to Improve Employee Wellness in Nursing Homes 
 More Posts In 
 Ergonomics 
 [ 
 How the Packaging Industry Is Changing During COVID 
 Learn how COVID-19 has affected the packaging industry as a whole, and how employees in this industry can reduce their vulnerability to COVID. 
 Read More](/blog/how-the-packaging-industry-is-changing-during-covid) 
 [ 
 What Returning Cruise Ship Workers Need to Keep in Mind in a COVID World 
 The cruise ship industry is slowly beginning to pick back up. Learn about the specific risks that cruise ship workers face, and how they will proceed. 
 Read More](/blog/what-returning-cruise-ship-workers-need-to-keep-in-mind-in-a-covid-world) 
 [ 
 Telehealth: What You Need to Know 
 Telehealth is the use of digital communication technologies to access health care services remotely and manage your health care. Learn about Telehealth here. 
 Read More](/blog/telehealth-what-you-need-to-know) 
 Check Out More Blogs 
 Here 
 Check Out Our Services 
 Here 
    
 Phone: (888) 968-2980 
 Get Started 
 © 2018 WORK-FIT |  Site Privacy  |   Patient Privacy  |  Sitemap 
 Powered by Scale 
