Skip to content 
 
 International Schools Review Discussion Boards 
 ISR Discussion Boards are open to site members and visitors alike. Your Voice Counts. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 ISR Home Page 
 Terms Of Use 
 
 Job security for international educators during the coronavirus crisis 
 Your Job in the Shadow of Covid-19 
 March 26, 2020March 26, 2020  ~  internationalschoolsreview  ~  30 Comments 
 If you're wondering about the future of your International Teaching job, here are some factors to consider that will impact every school's ability to keep teachers employed through the Covid-19 crisis. 
 This is by no means a complete list. If you have something to add that will help colleagues to evaluate job stability, please scroll down to participate. 
 Consider the following when determining job stability: 
 
 The number of expat parents who lose their jobs and the number of local business that permanently close will impact enrollment and job security. 
 Depending on the duration of the crisis, parents may begin to question tuition costs and seek less expensive, strictly online alternative schools and/or seek a brick-and-mortar school with lower tuition. 
 Schools that launched and perfected a comprehensive virtual teaching platform may sustain a strong sense of community and maintain student population, as well as your teaching position (!), until the end of the academic year at least. 
 Schools with a high percentage of embassy families may have a better chance of survival because they're not dependent on local funding. 
 Schools with multiple sections of one subject may let less experienced teachers go first. 
 Head and/or lead teachers could have a better chance of keeping their job. 
 
 ** **Don 't Leave Your Career to Chance! ** **Do your due diligence, ask questions, consider the points mentioned in this Article, and most importantly,  Have a Plan.  As seen previously in ISR School Reviews, there are schools that basically abandoned their teachers during times of political unrest. Believing such a school's reaction to the Coronavirus pandemic would be any different is clearly not sound thinking. 
 If it becomes necessary, schools could enact  Force Majeure.  This would allow them to break the terms of your Contract due to extenuating circumstance. As such, a financially solvent school would award teachers a lump-sum payout and additional assistance as needed. However, financially fragile schools could simply shut down, leaving you stranded and unemployed in a foreign country and with no future employment on the horizon.  ISR recommends you get the facts and plan ahead. 
 Have something to add? Please scroll down to participate in this Discussion 
 
 Spread the word!  To what extent is your school supporting its teachers during the Covid-19 crisis? Submit a short Review and spread the word. Helping each other make informed career decisions is what ISR is all about 
 Most Recent Topics 
 
 The New American President's Effect on International Education 
 Are you White enough? 
 Important Updates: Name Your School & Comment on Their Response to Covid-19 
 
 Topics by Category 
 Topics by Category Select Category Accreditation Aging Parents & Loved Ones Back Home Best & Worst Benefit Packages Breaking Contract & Moving On Coronavirus Cultural Issues Ethical & Legal Issues Families Overseas Going International with Kids Going International with Pets Health In the Classroom International teaching Interviewing LGBTQ Community Medical Member Only Articles Moving & Living Overseas Moving Home & Summer Vacations Overseas and Over-50 Politics Recruiting Focused Articles Scam Alerts School Admin Issues Stuff for Newbies Suggest a Blog Topic Teachers of Color Overseas Teaching in Political Hot Spots Trailing Spouse Solutions What's it Really Like to Live Here? Why ISR? 
 Read Reviews of Schools 
 
 Go to ISR & Read Reviews of International Schools 
 
 Follow ISR 
 Subscribe to ISR Discussion Boards & receive notifications of new posts. 
 Join 1,229 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
