Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Temporary Full Time Resident & Family Experience Coordinator 
 Sienna Senior Living 
 __Woodbridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you’re passionate about leading a team that is, committed to the Team Member Experience and driven by innovation and growth, then join us! 
 The Resident & Family Experience Coordinator is a critical role within our communities as it impacts the lives of residents through the strong leadership and motivation of Sienna team members. 
 As a Resident & Family Experience Coordinator, your typical day will impact the following ways: 
 
 Coordinates daily care needs within the assigned resident home area(s)/neighbourhood(s), interacting with the interprofessional team to prioritize resident care activities 
 Works in collaboration with other team members, such as Associate Director of Care, Registered Practical Nurses, Registered Nurses, and allied health team members to deliver resident care 
 Coordinates resident move in and move out process 
 Follows up on concerns/complaints that arise in the resident home area(s)/neighbourhood(s) to ensure that they are addressed in a timely manner and achieve satisfactory outcomes 
 Assists with the recruitment and retention of team members 
 Coordinates the orientation of new team members 
 Collaborates with Human Resources to support an Early & Safe Return to Work Program 
 Coordinates, attends, and participates in resident care conferences 
 Assists in conducting investigations 
 Ensures supplies management and resource allocation including the ordering of resident care supplies, continence supplies 
 Conducts assigned Quality Management Activities as per schedule to improve resident care and services 
 Performing other duties as assigned. 
 
 Must haves: 
 
 Minimum of three years’ experience in healthcare, social services, or related sector. 
 Experience in inventory control and resource utilization. 
 Strong oral and written communication skills required. 
 Ability to organize, plan, and delegate responsibilities. 
 Ability to collaborate and work in teams. 
 Experienced leader with the ability to coach and mentor team members. 
 Ability to work in detail and think strategically. 
 Ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast paced environment. 
 All applicants must successfully pass the prescribed Vulnerable Sector Check. 
 
 Bonus points for having: 
 
 College Diploma or University degree or equivalent is preferred. 
 Experience in the field of Gerontology preferred. 
 Knowledge of the Long Term Care Act & Regulations preferred. 
 Customer service related experience an asset. 
 
 Act upon your desire to help others and Join Sienna Senior Living as we continue to enhance the lives of those we serve. 
 For Ontario locations, in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act 2005, upon request, support will be provided for accommodations throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
