
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 GLOW | AGENCY is looking for a Motion Designer in Manhattan, NY, USA. 
 About 
 GLOW is a strategic, creative agency that takes pride in calling the biggest brands, networks, and platforms a partner. We work across the world of entertainment and technology, crafting amazing experiences for our clients, their audiences, and fans. We have a passion for building communities and delivering breakthrough creativity. 
 Role 
As a Motion Designer at GLOW you’ll conceive, develop, and produce works in video and real-time animation that are forward-thinking, inspired by and driving trends, and show a deep appreciation for design as a craft. You’ll drive and work hands-on to develop captivating design that elevates composition, form, typography, motion, and interactivity. You’ll bring a passion for motion design tools and design principles to the team. 
 You should possess a strong understanding of digital platforms and design for cutting-edge experiences across web, products, and social. Your passion for motion leads you to exploring modern principles including spatial creativity leveraging 3D tools, kinetic typography, realtime or procedural and code-driven graphics, and similar bleeding-edge motion design. You’re attentive to details, and well-versed in visual design systems, layouts, typography, and can speak to a range of design inspiration. 
 Responsibilities 
° Direct, define, and design creative executions 
° Lead and contribute to a range of projects from fast-paced daily deliverables to large tent-pole campaigns and strategies 
° Craft presentations and campaigns that shatter expectations 
° Own and communicate a creative POV that sets a high bar 
 Credentials 
° 3+ years of motion design experience, some within an agency or in-house, developing breakthrough design and brand campaigns 
° Strong knowledge of and capacity to design for motion 
° Experience working with writers, strategists, technologists, and producers 
° Intimate knowledge of creative standards across modern platforms and technologies 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7655-glow-agency-motion-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Date Posted 
 November 5, 2020 
 Managed By 
 GLOW AGENCY 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
