  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Graphic Design 
 
 Graphic Design Freelance Jobs From Mexico 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  Graphic designers  from  Mexico 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/mexico/graphic-design) 
 3 days ago 
 I need someone can speak English and Spanish I need someone use pho... 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 1 
 I need someone can speak English and Spanish I need someone use photoshop to edit pictures and make short video in the pictures I already taken. 
 1. One gif file and 10 second video. 
 2. Ps 8 pictures used in above gif or video. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Images for social networks 
 What do you need?  : Edit existing images 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. Y. Mexico 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Corporate Templates Design 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 7 
 To design a template that can be used for corporate documents in Excel Spreadsheets. There will be 5 different types: 
- Tool Template (excel spreadsheet conatining project data) 
- Form Template (excel spreadsheet containing client´s data) 
- Project Document Template (excel spreadsheet containing project data). 
- Report Template (excel spreadsheet containing charts and graphics) 
- Background Image for Software Application. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. T. Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Video editor for social networks in Arabic. 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 7 Bids: 9 
 They are videos of approximately 10 minutes. 
Original video, Arabic audio, graphic elements are provided. 
The original videos are in another language, it is required to change the audio and change some images. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : Edit an existing video 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Demos, Original film, Photos, Charts or tables, Animations 
 Duration  : More than 5 min 
 Published by:  M. A. P. G. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Mexico 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 months ago 
 Trace pictures with any vector design program and provide a .dxf fi... 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 2 
 Hello! 
I'm in charge of hiring freelancers to make vector trace designs of real life pictures. 
Ideally I'd like to work on groups of 10 pictures and receive the designs the day after. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Illustrations 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Extension to existing art 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  F. C. Last reply: 2 months ago  Mexico 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 months ago 
 Graphic Designer and video editor for social media company 
 Published: 2 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 Graphic Designer 
 We are looking for someone to help us on a music and talent streaming project, working editing videos and creating content for our YouTube channel and our social networks. The focus is on the music and the artists. 
 These are the videos and content you will be creating: 
 90 pieces of content for November month 
Posts for social Media (Facebook, Instagram, Tik tok and youtube) 
 30 regular posts (Images, infographics, photos,etc) PER Month------(7-11 images and pieces of content need to be edited and created weekly) 
 60 audiovisual pieces of content PER Month (Youtube videos, short videos, titk toks, reels, IGtv, Storytelling, etc) ---------(10-12 audiovisual content pieces need to be created or edited weekly) 
 ·        X30  Facebook regular posts (Photos, images, infographics, carousel, etc) 
 ·        X4    3-6 min (Youtube edition) Per month 
 ·        X25  30 sec-1 min  (short videos) Per month 
 ·        X10  1-2 min (ig tv videos) 
 ·        x10  30 sec to 60 sec (reels and stories) these are simple behind the scenes clips with some text added 
 ·        x10  1-2 min (tik tok) per month, these are simple behind the scenes clips with some text added (will let you know if we need help with edition just in case) 
 x1 1-2 min (any video in case needs to be adapted to any platform) 
 (all the content for instagram will be shared on fb, as well on facebook stories, take into account that the pieces need to be adapted on ig stories or in the format required in that moment, the same content for facebook will be the same content for ig) 
 this is a half time long term job.  please do not respond if you cannot work 21-30 hours per week. 
 You will have to deliver the finished products to the social media manager. This includes regular posts with the corresponding image sizes (All regular posts must be adapted for the Instagram stories format) YouTube videos, short videos, titk toks, reels, IGtv, Storytelling, etc. 
 He must read and speak english 
 Job Pays $300 USD Per month 
 Please respond with examples of your work (Content portfolio). 
We are gonna provide the video footage (They just need to edit it) 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  S. R. H. Last reply: 2 months ago  Mexico 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 2 months ago 
 Logortica 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 1 
 Ibibibivcyvuvibovibobobibivuvuvuvuvugugiviviviivuvuvtvtcct. Y t y y y y ybuvuct tvyvy uby yvy y y y y y y y y y y t t r f r r r r 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new logo from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Seal (A logo framed within a shape (rectangle, oval, etc.)) 
 Published by:  E. Mexico 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 months ago 
 Diseño de informacion  plus client 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 4 
 Hi Dien! 
 Im Eduardo Mendoza from mexico, im civil engineer and have a housing company. I would like to design all the company info. I would like to explain the concepto maybe we can work together. 
 Take care 
 Eduardo 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Corporate image 
 Published by:  E. M. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
