Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Parts Manager 
 Fraserway RV 
 __Leduc, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Fraserway RV is Canada’s largest vertically integrated RV Company. We are industry leaders in selling, servicing and renting recreational vehicles throughout Canada and as a team do everything possible to ensure our customer’s vacation dreams are realized. 
 We are seeking a qualified candidate for the role of Parts Manager to join our Leduc Dealership, AB team. This is a full-time, permanent role. 
 The Parts Manager is responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the Parts Department. The Parts Manager gives direction to all aspects of the Parts Department to ensure sales and profitability targets are met while maintaining excellent customer service standards. In addition the Parts Manager is responsible for mentoring, coaching and developing the Parts Department employees. 
 Core Competencies 
 
 Ability to motivate, coach and mentor 
 Leadership capability 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Tact and Diplomacy 
 Strong organizational skills 
 Team player 
 Organizational and priority-setting skills 
 Problem solving and analytical skills 
 Ability to multitask 
 Service orientated 
 
 Job Duties 
 
 Adhere to the company Mission, Vision & Values 
 Responsible for the profitability of the parts department while controlling costs, building a loyal clientele, maintaining good employee relationships, and setting and maintaining sales and profit objectives 
 Hire, coach and direct all Parts employees 
 Plan, assign, and direct all Parts employees 
 Evaluate performance of Parts employees and provide guidance for improvement where necessary 
 Resolve customer concerns. 
 Develop, implement and maintain processes to raise our customer service levels 
 Liaison between the dealership and suppliers 
 Manage parts inventory 
 Complete a summary of daily sales 
 Confer with the Service Manager for required shop parts 
 Communicate well with the location’s management 
 Flexibility to work outside normal work hours/weekend, as required 
 Any other items, as directed by the General Manager 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Secondary education 
 5+ years managing a retail store preferably in a dealership environment 
 Managing inventory 
 Establishing annual sales targets 
 Leadership and management experience 
 Excellent customer service skills 
 Good knowledge of mechanical/electrical parts 
 Excellent keyboard and computer skills (intermediate proficiency using Excel preferred) 
 RV and/or automotive industry is an asset 
 Have a valid class 5 driver's license 
 
 In addition to becoming part of an exceptional team, we also offer: 
 
 Competitive Salary Packages 
 100% company paid MSP & Extended Health and Dental Benefits 
 Dependent Life Insurance and Long Term Disability Benefits 
 Access to our company matching RRSP plan 
 RV Rental Discounts for staff 
 Employee Bursary Program 
 Company Matching World Vision Child sponsorship program. 
 
 We thank all candidates for applying; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 Parts Management: 1 year (Required) 
 retail store management: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
