  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 Rate:  £41718 - £46239 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Principal Port Health Officer 
 A Local Authority based in Ashford, Kent are looking for a Principal Port Health Officer to join their team. 
 This is a full time, permanent role and the successful candidate must have a experience with health & safety/environmental health and compliance. 
 The main purpose of the role is to undertake a range of statutory duties to safeguard public health. 
To conduct Official Controls including carrying out checks on imports of products of animal origin and high risk food not of animal origin in order to ensure that only products that are safe to eat enter the food chain. 
To undertake checks of organic food, illegal unreported and unregulated fishing, animal composites and other relevant controlled goods. 
To protect public health by applying port health controls on imports in accordance with relevant statutory provisions, rules and international trading standards. 
To supervise and support staff as assigned, to the post holder to ensure effective service delivery. 
 Provide a lead role in the day to day operational service provision allocating work and providing technical advice and guidance to other team members. 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 Suitable qualification(s) to undertake import controls at Border Control Posts as defined by the FSA Food Law Code of Practice and the accompanying Practice Guidance. 
 This will normally be a MSc, Degree or Diploma in Environmental Health and Certificate of Registration with the Environmental Health Registration Board EHRB (CIEH) 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering a salary of £41,718- £46,239. 
 If this position sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jack.windsor@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £41718 - £46239 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Ashford, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-18 16:07:42 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 Community Support Worker 
 Mental Health Nurse RMN 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Electrical Surveyor 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
