[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 U-Haul Work at home Jobs/Tips for Applicants 
 Published by  aw1219  on June 29, 2017June 29, 2017 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Most of you who follow this blog know that U-Haul hires remote workers to assist their customers with questions they may have when it pertains to their rental products as well as sales. U-Haul is a well-known company that has been in business for more than 70 years now. For those that are looking for work this summer, U-Haul is currently hiring  work-at-home  employees to provide assistance with sales calls. The company says those who are chosen for the position will work between 8–14 weeks for this position. This particular program runs from now until the end of August which is right about the time that school will begin or has just started for many students. The pay rate for this job is $10 per hour. You can receive direct payments or other means of a paycheck. 
 Here Are The Details For The Work At Home Jobs 
 U-Haul is a moving company that needs extra people to work for them during the summer. The job will be based out of the employee’s home. They will answer phone calls, assist the customer to make reservations, roadside assistance, and rental information. Not only does U-Haul hire remote workers including teens to work for the summer but other times of the year and throughout as well. You will need to periodically check their official website to apply to any new positions that will be posted there. 
 As a work at home employee for U-Haul, you can expect to take incoming calls only. There is absolutely no cold calling or outbound calling involved. 
 Here are some additional details regarding what U-Haul requires from their remote workers: 
 
 
 Employees must have their own high-speed Internet and a USB headset. These items must be maintained. They will need a minimum of 4G (8G recommended) RAM. 
 They must also have a laptop or regular PC with Windows 7,8 or 9. The Internet service cannot be wireless or Wi-Fi because your connection may not be secure or stable so a more reliable service is recommended. They will also need a process that is Core 13 or higher. 
 The employees will have four weeks of paid training. You will be required to attend all the sessions. 
 Employees must be able to work between 6 am – 5 pm. These hours could change depending on the company’s needs at the time. 
 Since employees will be working from home, casual dress is allowed which means that you can work in your pajamas. You will need a quiet work area, but no extra phone line is needed. 
 
 What Type Of Applicant Is U-Haul Looking For? 
 They want people that are at least 16 years of age. If you are a teenager, you must also have a  high school diploma  or GED, or still be in school. It is a great job for those looking for extra money this summer, especially students and teachers, although others are welcome to apply. 
 Because U-Haul focuses more on skills rather than experience, it would be a good idea to improve your typing skills and have an interest in various locations and areas for this type of work. Practice your communication skills as you talk to others over the phone and try to be upbeat and positive. This will help you to make a good impression on the company. 
 
 Perks that U-Haul provide for their Remote Workers 
 
 Flexible schedule 
 Benefits for part-time workers 
 Hire teens 
 No experience required 
 Paid training 
 Opportunities to advance 
 
 Tips for Applying to U-Haul 
 One of the things that applicants fail to consider when applying to a particular company is how much they know about it. Your interview will stand out to a recruiter if you know as much or more about the company than they do. This makes them confident that you can fulfill their assignment and you have a good idea of what will be expected of you. In order to do this, make sure that you study the company well and become as familiar with their background, history, and company as much as you possibly can. You will find out a lot of U-Haul and how they got started by visiting their official website. It would also be important to brush up on your interviewing skills so that you can address the hiring manager quickly and concisely when they are asking you questions. If your resume is not up-to-date make sure that you do so right away. Find out how you can do it for free by visiting this page. Be prepared to interview over the phone, and possibly in person if necessary. 
 
 If you are ready to embark on a new journey with working from home, and you meet the requirements, then you will want to apply with U-Haul online right away. They will look over your information, and get back to you quickly so you can begin your new work at home position with them. Remember that U-Haul is one of those unique employers that hire teens and does not require any previous experience, so many of you will have a good chance of getting this work at home job. If you are interested in applying to work from home with U-Haul, please visit this  page . 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  U-Haul at home jobs U-Haul work at home pay U-Haul work from home jobs uhaul work at home tips 
 Tags:  remote jobs at U-Haul U-Haul work from home review work at home jobs at U-Haul work from home jobs at U-Haul 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,476 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
