Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Interview questions  / Job Interview: Reason for Leaving Job After 15 Years 
 Job Interview: Reason for Leaving Job After 15 Years 
 By  Ronnie Ann   9 Comments 
 Edwin's awkward reason for leaving job 
 Hi Ronnie Ann! 
 After over 15 years of service my employer decided to accept my resignation or terminate my employment. Of course I chose to resign. Thing is that I was their top Project Manager. But after a customer complaint, which was my word against the word of the client, they decided to let me go. 
 Now I'm having a hard time deciding the right words to use as a reason for leaving a company after 15 years. I was a good employee. Yet one complaint and all that was over. So how do I handle that when looking for a new job? 
 Thanks! 
 Edwin 
 Handling reason for leaving a position in interviews 
 Hi Edwin! 
 First, I'm so sorry this happened to you. I hope this uncomfortable situation will lead you to an even better job where you and your hard work are appreciated. To help get you there, usually the best way to answer a question like this is to lead and end with your strength. 
 Now you might need to explain a little, without too many details, if they dig deeper -- and then move on. But if they don't ask, just keep it about your needs to grow your job / career in a different direction. And never say anything bad about your former employer! 
 Example of what you might say 
 Not saying to use these exact words, but something like: 
 "I spent many happy years working for XYZ company. And received many good reviews over the years from customers and managers alike (top project manager would go fine here). 
 But I recently started thinking about what I want now in my life. And I decided it's time for a change. When I saw your ad, I got excited because I see a chance for me to take on new challenges such as ____ and _____." 
 Now, let me say that interviewers, and I'm one myself on occasion, are slightly suspicious when they see a person has left a company. So I'm more concerned about your references. 
 Should your employer badmouth you in a reference and make you seem like a problem employee, your "reason for leaving" answer alone might not cut it. Although  leaving a good overall impression  can go far to overcome small doubts. 
 How interviewers see reason for leaving your job 
 Good news about references is that, nowadays, most former employers prefer to just give a vague answer rather than try to keep the person from getting a new job. Less good news is when interviewers hear a vague answer, we know there could be more to the story. And so we may push for more details. 
 Still, employers, for legal and other reasons, often keep to the basics. Even if they won't go all the way to a rave review. So I hope, since you've been in only one job for so long, you have other excellent references from the company. 
 And, if you haven't already asked this and if it's at all possible, it might be worth asking your former boss if he would at least be willing to give you a decent reference. Many do so. Even under circumstances like yours. 
 One other bit of good news 
 Your longevity at your former company shows you're steady and committed to your work. And it also shows you must have been liked well enough to be there that long. Interviewers know stuff happens. And that doesn't necessarily make you a bad risk for them. 
 Best advice? Just  bring your best game to the interview . Wow them with enthusiasm and readiness to take on a new challenge. And maybe a relevant story to help show that. (So they don't think you're a "lifer" type who doesn't work hard and was coasting through your last job.) 
 With a strong interview that leaves a great impression, few employers will worry much about the precise reason for leaving. Most of them understand that stuff happens -- even to the best of us. 
 Good luck, Edwin! 
 ~ Ronnie Ann 
 [Post updated 2020] 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work Coach Cafe and Work To The Wise, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development and her own adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 More posts to help 
 What Are Transferable Skills? 
 15 Job Search Tips To Help You Get a Job 
 How To Mentally Prepare for a Job Interview 
 12 Things You Need To Know BEFORE a Job Interview 
 Job Interview Nerves? Tips for Before, During & After 
 15 Interview Tips To Help Give Your Best Interview! 
 So What Really Happens After a Job Interview? 
 10 Reasons You Didn’t Get the Job Offer 
 How To Handle Tell Me A Little About Yourself 
 How Do I Interview After Being Fired? 
 How To Answer “Why You Left Your Job” When You Quit 
 They Want Supervisor References. Are These OK? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Interview questions 
 Comments 
 
 Ngoyanni says 
 
 September 13, 2014 at 8:17 am 
 Dear Work Coach, 
 I've been with my current job for ten years. I'm a qualified accountant, I work well with my reporting officer, my colleagues, have a team of dedicated and commited staffs and good pay. The business my company doing is slaughtering chickens. I'm ok to work in this environment in the first few years. However, recently, I've new perception in life and slowly switch to vegetarian lifestyle. Thus, I'm currently looking for job in other industry. 
 I'm having an interview next week from an education institution as accountant, which offer slightly lower than my current pay. I am willing to accept pay cut as I'm switching industry, my experience is not in education sector. 
 What is the best reason to explain to the interviewer for leaving current job? 
 What is a good way to tell the interviewer on the pay issue? 
 Grateful for your advice. 
 Reply 
 
 Karen says 
 
 August 9, 2013 at 8:26 am 
 I handed in my notice along with a grievance as a trustee who was acting as an interim CEO published a defamatory and libellous document about me for discussion at an upcoming board meeting on the organisations public server which I was shown by a colleague. My grievance has not been sufficiently investigated and the colleague has been fired. I was escorted off the premises, my keys taken from me and my email password changed so I could not access them. The board are refusing to give me a good reference and have drafted one that is very short and says nothing about my ten years of faithful service. My notice period ended yesterday. I have spoken to solicitor and intend to go to employment tribunal for constructive dismissal. Meantime I am applying for jobs and have been saying I am looking for a new challenge as I was employed to help the board achieve a vision which has now been realised, and I always planned to increase my hours this year as my children are older. This is actually true, I just didn't plan on having to leave this way. Any suggestions about how to deal with prospective employers or is what I'm saying ok? 
 Reply 
 
 Annabelle says 
 
 May 6, 2013 at 6:14 pm 
 After ten years of loyal service, I too was let go recently. I was termitated for an error I made six months ago, during which time I was tasked with more responsibility than all three of my counterparts combined. Mistakes were bound to happen under those circumstances. When I disovered what I had done, my first instinct was to cover it up. But because I am always honest, I told my supervisor what happened, trusting that he would be undstanding. Instead, I was fired. The only thing I can figure, is that when I was so overwhelmed beyond reason, instead of making a fuss, I went to someone in HR that I had known and liked, trusted and respected during my entire tenure with the company. Clearly, this got me on someone's "List". 
 I feel like I can express my 'reason for leaving' in a diplomatic manner during an interview. Where I am at a loss, is what to say on an application. Does "will discuss during interview" suffice? What I have put most recently is "looking for a position at a company whose values align with my own sense of integrity". 
 Any advice willl be greatly appreciated! 
 Reply 
 * Susan P. Joyce says
 
 May 7, 2013 at 12:23 am 
 Hi Annabelle, 
 You'll never know what really happened at your old job, whether or not HR was involved. It sounds like you did the right thing when you discovered your mistake, and your conscience is clear. Good! 
 Regarding your "reason for leaving," as Ronnie recommends in this post, emphasize that you worked happily for that employer for 10 years, but decided it was time to move on (don't go into any details). 
 If possible, find a co-worker or supervisor (not the manager who fired you) to serve as references for you and the quality of your work. 
 I would drop the "integrity" comment. If I were the interviewer, I would wonder what you meant by that and if you would be someone who would be very judgmental and difficult to work with. 
 Good luck with your job search! 
Susan 
 Reply 
 « Older Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
