Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tier 1 and 2 Success, Cloud and On-Premise (Edmonton, AB) 
 Riva CRM Integration 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Success Team Specialist – Edmonton, AB 
 We are looking for a determined and passionate Success Team Specialist (Tier 1 & Tier 2 Technical Support) to join our Success Team and become part of our Riva Team, in Edmonton Alberta! This role covers shifts scheduled between 5:00am and 11:00pm MST, daily. 
 First, WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? 
 Opportunity for Growth! We are continually growing and have doubled in size in the past two years. We project the same rate of growth in the coming years! 
 Amazing Culture! You won’t find a more welcoming team. We build each other up and work together to be part of the solution. We celebrate diversity; there are over 25 nations represented in our Edmonton office alone! 
 Professional Development! We have a progressive professional development program. We strongly encourage and support our team members to improve daily through formal education and training. You will be working alongside industry leaders as we work to build the future. 
 A Fun Workplace! We get it, you invest a lot of your time at work, so we like to have fun too! Fun Shirt Fridays, Bagel Breakfasts for Birthdays, Game Nights, BBQ’s, are just a few of the ways we do it! 
 And…of course, we offer a competitive salary and benefits! 
 Does this sound like a team you want to join? Read on! 
 WHO ARE YOU? 
 You have a knack for technology; you are usually the one that friends and family call to help troubleshoot their tech problems. You have the grit, determination and aptitude to seek out solutions and work around ambiguity. Some may say you are like Sherlock Holmes, overcoming challenges and investigating an issue until you have gotten to the bottom of it! You become a valued member of any team you are a part of! On top of all this, you continually strive to deliver customer delight while leading with integrity. 
 WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING? 
 It's as easy as working to delight our customers! Reporting to our Success Team Manager, you will work together with our Edmonton and Nova Scotia teams to provide Tier 1 and Tier 2 product support to our clients world-wide. In reality, there is no such thing as an "average day" at Riva. You will be working with new clients and new scenarios almost every single day. You will find that you are empowered with technical expertise, but will also have the freedom to forge your own path, in the best interest of our customers. 
 At the end of the day, you are responsible for: 
Delivering remote installation, configuration, and administration for new Riva Cloud and Riva On-premise customers 
Providing remote trouble-shooting and technical support to Riva customers 
Providing timely follow-up for customer download, sales and support requests 
Providing pre-sales demonstrations and technical support 
Documenting activities in the ticket tracking/support application 
Escalating support calls to Tier 3 or the developer team as required 
Creating training materials, videos, and Knowledge Base articles 
Assisting in testing and documentation of installing and configuring Riva Integration Server for Exchange, GroupWise, and supported CRMs including Salesforce, SugarCRM, Oracle CRM On Demand, Microsoft CRM, and others 
Working in an open office area under the supervision of the Success Team Lead 
WHAT DO YOU BRING? 
 2+ years of experience customer service in a help desk, service desk, training, pre-sales technical support, desktop or IT network support capacity 
Computing technology diploma, university degree, college diploma, a Microsoft MCSA, or other IT designations or equivalent experience 
Must be able to communicate fluently in written and spoken English 
Demonstrated sales skills required to promote supported products 
Experience providing remote support for client, server, and web-based applications 
Ability to focus and work with interruptions in an exciting and growing company 
 Bonus Points For: 
Secondary language skills 
Experience installing, configuring, and/or supporting one or more of the supported CRMs 
Experience installing, configuring, and/or supporting messaging systems (Hosted or On-Premise Exchange, Office 365, Google Apps, IBM Notes) 
Interest in pursuing a long-term career in pre- and post-sales technical support and training 
 ABOUT RIVA 
 In an ever-changing world, future-looking businesses are investing in digital transformation to capture a 360-degree view of all customer interactions to improve their growth, profitability, user satisfaction, and customer retention. Riva is an Edmonton-based software development company with solutions that help companies gather, discover, analyze, relate and harmonize customer interaction data across multiple sources, business units, and geographies. 
 Riva’s Edmonton locations are home to 80 of Riva’s 130 global staff members. Riva’s regional offices in Pictou, Nova Scotia; Silicon Valley; Munich; London; Paris; and Sydney provide global coverage and support for Riva’s extended partner channel and customer base. 
 ABOUT RIVA's CUSTOMERS 
 Riva’s customers include 15 of the world’s largest banks, all of the Canadian Big Five banks, 50+ Fortune 500 companies, and fast-growing companies of all sizes from around the world. As part of their digital transformation journey, these customers trust Riva’s solutions to surface the right customer intelligence to the right people, at the right time, on the right devices. Riva help customers meet their client data security, scalability, privacy, compliance, customer support, and standard of care requirements. 
 Recent awards and recognition include: 
2019 PwC Vision to Reality – Edmonton Region 
 Deloitte North America Technology Fast 500™ companies – past two years 
 Canadian Business of the Year Award – past three years 
 Three Stevie Customer Satisfaction Awards – past three years 
 EY Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist – 2017 & 2019 
 2017 Alberta Venture Fast Growth 50 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
