Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Storeperson 
 Toronto Transit Commission 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 JOB INFORMATION 
 Requisition ID:  1692 
 Number of Vacancies:  6 
 Department:  Materials Management - Location To Be Determined 
 Union:  ATU, Local 113 
 Salary Information:  $28.40 - $36.88, plus a skilled trade premium of $1.00 per hour for all regular hours worked 
 Pay Scale Group:  WG 8 
 Employment Type:  Regular 
 Weekly Hours:  40, Off Days: To Be Determined Shift: To Be Determined 
 Posted On:  January 6, 2021 
 Last Day to Apply:  January 31, 2021 
 Reports to:  Area Supervisor 
 For Inquiries:  Remo Mariglia, remo.mariglia@ttc.ca 
 The Toronto Transit Commission (TTC) is North America's third largest transit system and has been recognized as one of the top places to work in the GTA. Guided by a forward-thinking strategic plan, the TTC's vision is to be a transit system that makes Toronto proud. The TTC's recruitment efforts are directly aligned to its mission of providing "a reliable, efficient, and integrated bus, streetcar and subway system that draws its high standards of customer care from our rich traditions of safety, service and courtesy." 
 JOB INFORMATION 
 We are currently seeking a Storeperson. This position may be required to primarily work on a designated job assignment (e.g. Truck Driver, Equipment Mover, Warehouse, Receiving, etc.) 
 KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES 
 Performing varied and moderately complex duties specific to the assigned location that relate to the sorting, storing and issuing of parts and general storekeeping 
Receiving, unpacking, checking, loading, unloading, storing, tracking, investigating stock discrepancies and issuing all IFS controlled parts, supplies, chemicals, etc. required for the support of maintenance operations 
Carrying out duties, in support of the assigned location that will include ordering, receiving, storing and issuing of non-stock items, and expediting in urgent situations, as well as advising Inventory Planners of required adjustments to stock levels for current projects 
Demonstrates behaviours that support diversity, inclusion, and a respectful work and service environment that is free from discrimination and harassment. Helps to remove barriers and accommodate employees and customers (within their area of responsibility) in accordance with TTC’s commitments and obligations under the Ontario Human Rights Code (OHRC) and Related Orders, the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA), and TTC’s policies. 
SKILLS, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE 
 Must have a valid Certificate of Qualification as a Partsperson as administered by the College of Trades and the Ministry of Colleges and Universities; see below for information on how to qualify 
Completion of Grade 12 or its equivalent as defined by the Ministry of Education 
Must be able to demonstrate an ability to read and understand verbal and written instructions, to write and express self clearly 
Must pass tests set by the Materials & Procurement Department which correspond in content to the knowledge, theory and/or practical requirements described above 
As the successful candidate, you will be required to attend and successfully complete the TTC Operations Training Centre’s instruction for forklift truck operation and obtain a Class DZ Licence 
Must also attend and successfully complete WHMIS training as well as training for the Transportation of Dangerous Goods and Subway/SRT Rule Book 
Must be proficient in the use of a personal computer and in Outlook 
Must possess a valid non-probationary class G Driver's Licence 
Must attend Customer Service training as scheduled 
 About the 240P Parts Technician/Partsperson credential: 
Parts Technician is a trade regulated by the Ontario College of Trades and Apprenticeship Act, 2009. More information about the qualification and apprenticeship program for the same can be found at the below link: 
 https://www.collegeoftrades.ca/wp-content/uploads/Parts-Technician.pdf 
 There is a trade Equivalency Assessment process for experienced tradespeople who have not completed an Ontario apprenticeship but have equivalent qualifications and experience in a trade, and who want to become eligible to challenge the certification examination to obtain an Ontario Certificate of Qualification (C of Q). More info at: 
 https://www.collegeoftrades.ca/trade-assessment 
 We thank all applicants for their interest but advise that only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 The TTC is committed to fostering a positive workplace culture with a workforce that is representative of the communities it serves. Committed to the principles of diversity and inclusion, the TTC encourages applications from all qualified applicants. Accommodation is available for applicants, including those with disabilities, throughout the recruitment process. Please contact Human Resources - Employment Services at (416) 393-4570. 
 The TTC’s Employment Policy prohibits relatives of current TTC employees from being hired, assigned, transferred or promoted into positions, where there is a conflict of interest due to relationship. Should you be selected for an interview, you will be required to disclose the name, relationship, and position of any relative who is a current TTC employee. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
