 Job Requirements—Minimum Qualifications: 
 Skills, Knowledge, and Abilities: 
 SKILLS are required to perform multiple, highly complex, technical tasks with a need to occasionally upgrade skills in order to meet changing job conditions.  Specific skill-based competencies required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include:  utilizing appropriate assessment instruments and techniques; operating standard office equipment including pertinent computer software; preparing and maintaining accurate records; and occasionally working extended or nonstandard hours. 
 KNOWLEDGE is required to perform basic math; review and interpret highly technical information, write technical materials, and/or speak persuasively to implement desired actions; and analyze situations to define issues and draw conclusions.  Specific knowledge-based competencies required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include:  age-appropriate interventions and activities; stages of child development; adult learning styles; medical diagnoses; current interventions and approaches; pertinent codes, policies, regulations; and/or laws; concepts of grammar and punctuation; health standards and hazards; and safety practices and procedures. 
 ABILITY is required to schedule a number of activities, home visits, meetings, and/or events; gather, collate, and/or classify data; and consider a number of factors when using equipment.  Flexibility is required to work independently and with others in a wide variety of circumstances; work with data utilizing defined but different processes; and operate equipment using a variety of standardized methods.  Ability is also required to work with a significant diversity of individuals and/or groups; work with data of widely varied types and/or purposes; and utilize a variety of job-related equipment.  Independent problem solving is required to analyze issues and create actions plans.  Problem solving with data may require independent interpretation; and problem solving with equipment is significant.  Specific ability-based competencies required to satisfactorily perform the functions of the job include:  adapting to changing work priorities; developing and maintaining effective working relationships; communicating with diverse groups; working as part of a team; working with detailed information/data; maintaining confidentiality; meeting deadlines and schedules; and translating developmental information into meaningful learning activities. 
 Responsibility: 
 Kansas Certification of Health 
 Clear Motor Vehicle Record 
  __ Share     __ Email  
 Position Title 
 Early Intervention Teacher 
 Full Time / Part Time 
