 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website Development service Digital Marketing services Mobile App Development Sale Google AD words services SEO SERVICES Responsibilities: Generating new fresh leads and business for web- based services through Online bidding portals like Upwork, Freelancer, Guru Be a part of complete sales process starting from Bidding, negotiating and closure of the deal Actively getting on calls with the clients to discuss, negotiate and close deals Email writing skills Achieve sales targets and generate revenues for the organization Cold calling leads/ prospects in a Business- to- Business sales environment. Excellent telephone manners & tactfulness Increasing the volume of business from the existing client (s) by pitching on a new set of services at different time. To act as catalyst between client and development team. Account handling of existing as well as new clients for cross selling & up- selling. Qualifications Achieving sales targets through the acquisition of new clients. Business development/sales Website or GLL or digital marketing services Working with a team of developers and managers to implement full project life-cycle development Managing prospects and client throughout the project development life-cycle. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Ensuring speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. Additional Information Salary no bar for right candidates. On time salary. Fixed shift & Week offs. Regards DIGINFOWEB TEAM 
 Skills:  Market Research ,  Lead Generation ,  Email Marketing 
 Client:  diginfoweb  ,  India 
 Want 30 persons urgently  
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Affiliate Marketing  Posted: 05th Jan 2021 Ends: 19th Feb 2021  30 Proposals 
 This is a home based work. Not a project. You will have work for a long time to come We have supervisors working for more than 1 year or 6 nnths or whatever you like even you can for 1-2 days and payment will be release... 
