 Basic Qualifications . Applicants are required to have a doctorate and should hold the rank of associate or full professor, or a comparable position, at the time of application. Applicants should have a clear research agenda as demonstrated by publications, works in progress and/or presentations, as well as substantial evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence. 
 Application Procedure . Applicants must complete an online application at  http://www.gwu.jobs/postings/30103  and upload a letter of application, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching statement, and writing sample. In addition, please list three references. Review of applications will begin on December 16, 2015 and will continue until the position is filled. Only completed applications will be considered. 
 Employment offers are contingent pending budgetary approval and the satisfactory outcome of a standard background screening. 
 The University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Lecturer in Middle Eastern Studies (King's College, London) 
 Qualifications: A doctoral degree by the start date is required. 
 Additional Information: Applicants should submit a letter of interest, including a statement on teaching, a CV, a statement of current and future research plans, a writing sample of no more than fifty pages, and contact information for three referees or a dossier service. To apply visit the College of Social Sciences and Humanities website at:  http://www.northeastern.edu/cssh/  and click on the Faculty Positions button. Please address inquiries about the position to Mitchell Orenstein, Chair of the Israel Studies Search Committee,  m.orenstein@neu.edu . 
 Review of applications will begin February 22, 2013, but the search will remain open until the position is filled. 
 https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=46285 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Israel ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Northeastern University  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Chaiken Family Chair in Jewish Studies (Penn State) 
