 This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 Viewing this webinar, its entirety qualifies for a recertification credit hour that may be counted toward SHRM-CP and SHRM-SCP recertification from SHRM. Credit is awarded based on the actual educational time spent in the program. 
 The critical role communication plays in preventing and resolving many of the issues arising in managing a team which the supervisor was a part of, will be explained at this webinar. The ways in which boundaries need to be set, the ways by which to make communication effective, the manner in which to build trust and respect, and choosing the right manner in which positive feedback can be offered to peers and colleagues, are some of the topics that the expert will take up at this session. Tonia will help the newly promoted supervisors understand the ways by which to overcome their most pressing issues. 
 She will cover the following areas at this webinar: 
 How to Communicate more Effectively as a Supervisor 
 When to be Flexible and when to Stand Firm 
 Dylan Gilstein, who handles client support and research at Integral Talent Systems Inc., will be the expert at this webinar. Please visit  http://bit.ly/2WMSoGq  to register for this session. This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 At this webinar, the speaker will help the participants gain insights into how to build an employment brand that appeals to the Millennial workforce, which improves the quality of applicants they receive, especially for technology talent, which is all the harder to find. 
 He will share his knowledge, which is the result of research into what Millennials want in their employee work experience, with the participants of this session. This is going to be a practical and interactive webinar at which the participants will be taught how to: 
 Create a recruiting process that attracts more and better suited millennial applicants than the competition 
 Devise ways by which to develop the Millennials, and 
 Retain them for a longer than average tenure. 
 Please enroll for this session by visiting  http://bit.ly/2vUUi8T  . This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 The core matter of this webinar is a discussion of what the Millennials consider important for their career growth. The expert will offer understanding on this crucial aspect and show and how to retain top talent from this generation. The main objective of this webinar is to provide some insights on what you need to do to reduce turnover, engage your employees and increase productivity and morale in your workplace. 
 The speaker will seek to answer any questions that the participants may have on attracting, retaining and engaging the Millennials. The attendees will walk away with an understanding of the expectations that the Millennials have in today's workplace and how to attract and retain what is set to become the largest generation in the workplace. 
 Tonia will seek to help the participants understand and resolve issues arising out of issues such as high turnover, disengaged employees, low productivity, and low morale. 
 In this session, which is aimed at the benefit of those who deal with this generation at the workplace, such as Human Resource Manager, HR Generalist, Business Owners, Managers and Consultants, Tonia will cover the following areas: 
 How to effectively attract Millennials to your organization 
 Kindly visit  http://bit.ly/2JjESDl  to enroll for this webinar. This webinar has been approved for 1 HR (General) recertification credit hours toward aPHR, PHR, PHRca, SPHR, GPHR, PHRi and SPHRi recertification through HR Certification Institute (HRCI). 
 The core of the learning taught at this webinar is the ways by which organizations can brand themselves as being Millennial-friendly. Dr. Ware will show the preferred ways in which Millennials like to learn and develop themselves (Millennial learning preferences). She will help participants discover the components of an integrated career development strategy for Millennials at their organization. She will help them identify leadership practices that are effective in engaging and retaining millennial talent. 
 Since this generation is closely associated with technology, an organization that wants to hire millennials needs to pitch itself as one that appeals to this generation by showcasing the technological innovations it adapts. Dr. Ware will explain the findings of research that has tried to understand what Millennials look for in their employee work experience. This is going to be a highly practical and interactive session in which participants will learn how to manage their recruiting process to attract millennial applicants over the competition, how to develop them and to retain them longer than average. 
 Dr. Ware will cover the following areas at this session: 
 Share research findings on what attracts and retains Millennial compared to other generations 
 Explore employment policies such as flexible work schedules 
