 Qualifications: 
The ideal candidate should have a PhD degree in biomedical/electrical engineering, physics/optics/computer sciences or related fields. Additionally, the candidate should have a demonstrated postdoctoral experience of at least two years in applied optics and imaging fields. The candidate should have a strong background in optical instrumentation, especially for designing, testing, and validating optical systems oriented towards clinical applications for optical imaging devices or wearable sensors. Hands-on experience with optics equipment such as spectrometers, cameras, lenses, lasers, optical fibers and optomechanical components will be favorably considered. Proficiency in using one or more programming languages such as MATLAB/C/Phyton/LabView is desired. Good communications skills for presenting their work in oral and written forms are required. Experience in mentoring grad students and getting involved into grant writing and administrative aspects of a project will be favorably considered. The candidate is expected to be highly creative and self-motivated while capable of leading multidisciplinary projects involving interactions with researchers from other fields. 
 ** 
Preferred Qualifications:** 
 Salary Grade: 
11 
Preferred Qualifications:** 
 Salary Grade: 
11 
 Additional Information: 
Northeastern University is an equal opportunity employer, seeking to recruit and support a broadly diverse community of faculty and staff. Northeastern values and celebrates diversity in all its forms and strives to foster an inclusive culture built on respect that affirms inter-group relations and builds cohesion. 
 All qualified applicants are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, age, sex, sexual orientation, disability status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
