 Required Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree and two years of professional experience working as a software engineer. 
 Combinations of education and related experience may be considered. 
 Demonstrated ability to work with enterprise-scale software development. Understanding of common design patterns, service-oriented architecture, and test-driven development. Demonstrated ability to develop and maintain web applications and system integrations, design and manage SQL databases, develop batch processes and utilize web content management systems. Excellent interpersonal skills and a customer service orientation. Ability to effectively communicate and exchange information with a wide diversity of individuals. Willingness to work as part of a team in a dynamic and complex environment. Creativity in identifying complex problems and finding solutions quickly and accurately; attention to detail in communicating technical issues and implementing solutions. Mental discipline in resolving software problems. Ability to change priorities as project expands or project needs change. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree in computer science, business systems, or a related discipline. Three or more years as a software engineer. Experience building web applications leveraging Oracle and Postgres databases, Elastic Search, Logstash, and Kibana (ELK), Python, Python web frameworks (Django, Flask), IU's web framework (Rivet), IU's Web Content Management System (Cascade Server), JavaScript, Cascading Style Sheets, shell scripting, and PowerShell. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree in computer science, business systems, or a related discipline. Three or more years as a software engineer. Experience building web applications leveraging Oracle and Postgres databases, Elastic Search, Logstash, and Kibana (ELK), Python, Python web frameworks (Django, Flask), IU's web framework (Rivet), IU's Web Content Management System (Cascade Server), JavaScript, Cascading Style Sheets, shell scripting, and PowerShell. 
 Work Location 
 Bloomington, Indiana OR Indianapolis, Indiana 
 Job Classification 
 Salary Plan: PAE 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
