 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website Development service Digital Marketing services Mobile App Development Sale Google AD words services SEO SERVICES Responsibilities: Generating new fresh leads and business for web- based services through Online bidding portals like Upwork, Freelancer, Guru Be a part of complete sales process starting from Bidding, negotiating and closure of the deal Actively getting on calls with the clients to discuss, negotiate and close deals Email writing skills Achieve sales targets and generate revenues for the organization Cold calling leads/ prospects in a Business- to- Business sales environment. Excellent telephone manners & tactfulness Increasing the volume of business from the existing client (s) by pitching on a new set of services at different time. To act as catalyst between client and development team. Account handling of existing as well as new clients for cross selling & up- selling. Qualifications Achieving sales targets through the acquisition of new clients. Business development/sales Website or GLL or digital marketing services Working with a team of developers and managers to implement full project life-cycle development Managing prospects and client throughout the project development life-cycle. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Ensuring speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. Additional Information Salary no bar for right candidates. On time salary. Fixed shift & Week offs. Regards DIGINFOWEB TEAM 
 Skills:  Market Research ,  Lead Generation ,  Email Marketing 
 Client:  diginfoweb  ,  India 
 Pinterest Manager 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Affiliate Marketing  Posted: 29th Dec 2020 Ends: 12th Feb 2021  10 Proposals 
 Pinterest expert with at least 3 years of experience needed for an online shop. Tasks: • Manage a Business Pinterest profile • Enable rich pins • Optimize a Pinterest profile and Images • Wri... 
 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website Development service Digital Marketing services Mobile App Development Sale Google AD words services SEO SERVICES Responsibilities: Generating new fresh leads and business for web- based services through Online bidding portals like Upwork, Freelancer, Guru Be a part of complete sales process starting from Bidding, negotiating and closure of the deal Actively getting on calls with the clients to discuss, negotiate and close deals Email writing skills Achieve sales targets and generate revenues for the organization Cold calling leads/ prospects in a Business- to- Business sales environment. Excellent telephone manners & tactfulness Increasing the volume of business from the existing client (s) by pitching on a new set of services at different time. To act as catalyst between client and development team. Account handling of existing as well as new clients for cross selling & up- selling. Qualifications Achieving sales targets through the acquisition of new clients. Business development/sales Website or GLL or digital marketing services Working with a team of developers and managers to implement full project life-cycle development Managing prospects and client throughout the project development life-cycle. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Ensuring speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. Additional Information Salary no bar for right candidates. On time salary. Fixed shift & Week offs. Regards DIGINFOWEB TEAM 
 Skills:  Social Media Marketing ,  Market Research ,  Lead Generation ,  Email Marketing 
 Client:  diginfoweb  ,  India 
 Virtual Assistant - Digital Marketing 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Ad Planning & Buying  Posted: 22nd Dec 2020 Ends: 05th Feb 2021  14 Proposals 
 Please read the following carefully, not doing so may get your proposal summarily dismissed. I am looking for a virtual assistant who can help with our digital marketing activities like- Creating small sites, Knows Wo... 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experience of team and client management. Absolutely must be able to work independently with little input required. Must be able to think intuitively, good problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will be able to identify a client's desires and create a digital marketing plan to cater to these desires. This individual will have experience in creating a plan and communicating the timelines, goals and budget to the relevant teams. Throughout their role, this individual will serve as a liaison between the client and various teams and facilitate communication between teams. Anyone who requires lots of input and cannot work things out for themselves need not apply. Responsibilities Outline project goals, timeline, budget and execution plan Follow compliance and quality standards throughout the project Facilitate communication between relevant internal business units Communicate with client to understand needs and manage expectations Qualifications Experience in digital marketing space or relevant area Strong analytical, communication and leadership skills Experience working with social media in professional setting Knowledge of industry trends and standards 
 Skills:  Email Marketing ,  Internet Marketing ,  Lead Generation ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Social Media Marketing 
 Client:  chaseinsulations  ,  India 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
