 Essential Qualifications:  Candidates must hold the Ph.D. degree and are expected to pursue independent research at Princeton and to participate in Institute-related activities on campus. 
 Click here  to apply. 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |  Tagged  History ,  Islam ,  Law ,  Literature ,  Politics ,  Religion and Conflict ,  Violence  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Hebrew Language instruction at Columbia U (apply by Jan 1, 2016) 
 Posted on  December 16, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Basic Qualifications . Applicants are required to have a doctorate and should hold the rank of associate or full professor, or a comparable position, at the time of application. Applicants should have a clear research agenda as demonstrated by publications, works in progress and/or presentations, as well as substantial evidence of scholarly and teaching excellence. 
 Application Procedure . Applicants must complete an online application at  http://www.gwu.jobs/postings/30103  and upload a letter of application, curriculum vitae, research statement, teaching statement, and writing sample. In addition, please list three references. Review of applications will begin on December 16, 2015 and will continue until the position is filled. Only completed applications will be considered. 
 Employment offers are contingent pending budgetary approval and the satisfactory outcome of a standard background screening. 
 The University is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that does not unlawfully discriminate in any of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or on any other basis prohibited by applicable law. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Scholar in Jewish Studies (Rutgers, apply by Dec 7, 2015) 
 Qualifications 
 A Ph.D. is required at the time of application; academic rank and field of expertise within Jewish Studies are open. 
 Application Instructions 
 Applications should include a  curriculum vitae  , a research statement, and short descriptions of public lectures and courses that the candidate can offer. Candidates should request two letters of reference to be addressed to Professor Yael Zerubavel, Director of Bildner Center. All materials must be received by December 7, 2015. Inquiries may be sent via email to csjl@rci.rutgers.edu. 
 Apply online through Interfolio: http://apply.interfolio.com/32872 
 Posted in  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Post-Doc ,  Scholarship ,  Visiting Professor  |   Leave a reply 
 Qualifications: Candidates must have a Ph.D. in-hand by August 1, 2015, clear evidence of research and publication activity, solid evidence of teaching effectiveness, and knowledge of Modern Hebrew. Please see the University of Cincinnati website (   www.uc.edu ), and the Department website (   www.artsci.uc.edu/judaic ) for information about the Department’s programs and projects with faculty in other departments and institutions including experiential learning, travel study, and collaboration with the Hebrew Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion, the American Jewish Archives, and the Klau Library. A complete list of the Greater Cincinnati Consortium of Colleges and University may be found at: 
 http://www.uc.edu/registrar/registration/reg_info/cincinnati_consortium.html 
 Application Process and Deadline: Application deadline is Sunday, November 8, 2015. Screening of applications will begin shortly thereafter and will continue until the position is filled. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the annual meetings of AAR/SBL and AJS. All applications must be submitted online at  https://jobs.uc.edu . Cover letter should address the candidate’s effectiveness and consistency with both the position and the mission of the Department and indicate experience and success with teaching and interacting with culturally diverse populations. Include a current vita, samples of scholarly work, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. Three letters of recommendation should be sent electronically to Matthew Kraus  matthew.kraus@uc.edu  (phone: 513-556-2298) or mailed to Judaic Studies Search Committee C/O Matthew Kraus Dept. of Judaic Studies, University of Cincinnati, PO Box 210169 Cincinnati, OH 45221-0169. For questions, please contact Professor Matthew Kraus, Chair of Search Committee (513) 556-2298 [   matthew.kraus@uc.edu ] 
 The University of Cincinnati is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer with a strong commitment to the principle of diversity. In that spirit, we seek a broad spectrum of candidates including women, veterans, people with disabilities and people of color. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies (University of Virginia; apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
