 Required Minimum Qualifications 
Demonstrated independent research work evidenced by publications, inventions, project leadership, or equivalent efforts. Demonstrated project management experience including ability to lead or supervise work of others, and determine and manage scope, goals, feasibility, progress, report out, etc. Ability to secure funding from external entities including self-support. Expert knowledge of research methods and analytical procedures. Ability to publish peer reviewed publications, technical articles, white papers, presentations, etc. Ability to manage existing, and cultivate new, relationships with sponsors and stakeholders. 
 Required Qualifications: 
 PhD in chemistry, materials science, or other related science and 3 years of experience  OR 
 Masters degree in chemistry, materials science, or other related science and 6 years of experience  OR 
 Bachelors degree in chemistry, materials science, or other related science plus at least 9 years of post-bachelors work experience. 
 Required Qualifications: 
 PhD in chemistry, materials science, or other related science and 3 years of experience  OR 
 Masters degree in chemistry, materials science, or other related science and 6 years of experience  OR 
 Bachelors degree in chemistry, materials science, or other related science plus at least 9 years of post-bachelors work experience. 
 Requires at least one year of experience (not as part of degree obtainment) serving as designated project lead/manager on a research project. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 PhD in chemistry, materials science, or other related science and 3 years of experience. 
 Three years of experience (not as part of degree obtainment) serving as designated project lead on research projects. 
 Previous experience with direct oversight and supervision of other employees or students. 
 Previous preservation/conservation research experience. 
 Well known and respected in the field, with experience serving as an expert on national, international, and/or industry specific committees or working groups. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Required Application Documents 
 How to Apply 
In order to be considered for this position, you must apply for it at:  http://careers.rit.edu/staff . Click the link for search openings and in the keyword search field, enter the title of the position or the BR number. 
 The direct link to this posting can be found here:  https://sjobs.brassring.com/ 
 Additional Details 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
