 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website Development service Digital Marketing services Mobile App Development Sale Google AD words services SEO SERVICES Responsibilities: Generating new fresh leads and business for web- based services through Online bidding portals like Upwork, Freelancer, Guru Be a part of complete sales process starting from Bidding, negotiating and closure of the deal Actively getting on calls with the clients to discuss, negotiate and close deals Email writing skills Achieve sales targets and generate revenues for the organization Cold calling leads/ prospects in a Business- to- Business sales environment. Excellent telephone manners & tactfulness Increasing the volume of business from the existing client (s) by pitching on a new set of services at different time. To act as catalyst between client and development team. Account handling of existing as well as new clients for cross selling & up- selling. Qualifications Achieving sales targets through the acquisition of new clients. Business development/sales Website or GLL or digital marketing services Working with a team of developers and managers to implement full project life-cycle development Managing prospects and client throughout the project development life-cycle. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Ensuring speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. Additional Information Salary no bar for right candidates. On time salary. Fixed shift & Week offs. Regards DIGINFOWEB TEAM 
 Skills:  Market Research ,  Lead Generation ,  Email Marketing 
 Client:  diginfoweb  ,  India 
 Looking For Investor to invest on my business model  
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Branding  Posted: 04th Jan 2021 Ends: 18th Feb 2021  0 Proposals 
 I am looking for someone who can invest some amount on my high profit business model so in return I will pay back good percentage from my profit amount. 
 DIGINFOWEB TECHNOLOGIES is looking for web consultant/BDM Minimum 5 years of experience of Web based Business development manager To find clients & develop business by selling Website Designing Website Development service Digital Marketing services Mobile App Development Sale Google AD words services SEO SERVICES Responsibilities: Generating new fresh leads and business for web- based services through Online bidding portals like Upwork, Freelancer, Guru Be a part of complete sales process starting from Bidding, negotiating and closure of the deal Actively getting on calls with the clients to discuss, negotiate and close deals Email writing skills Achieve sales targets and generate revenues for the organization Cold calling leads/ prospects in a Business- to- Business sales environment. Excellent telephone manners & tactfulness Increasing the volume of business from the existing client (s) by pitching on a new set of services at different time. To act as catalyst between client and development team. Account handling of existing as well as new clients for cross selling & up- selling. Qualifications Achieving sales targets through the acquisition of new clients. Business development/sales Website or GLL or digital marketing services Working with a team of developers and managers to implement full project life-cycle development Managing prospects and client throughout the project development life-cycle. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with clients, ensuring high customer satisfaction matrices by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Ensuring speedy resolution of queries & grievances to maximize client satisfaction levels. Additional Information Salary no bar for right candidates. On time salary. Fixed shift & Week offs. Regards DIGINFOWEB TEAM 
 Skills:  Social Media Marketing ,  Market Research ,  Lead Generation ,  Email Marketing 
 Client:  diginfoweb  ,  India 
 Hiring Business Development Executive Work Remotely 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Sales  Posted: 15th Dec 2020 Ends: 29th Jan 2021  8 Proposals 
 Skills - Online Bidding Should have great knowledge of Online Bidding Portals, Previous experience in IT Company Preferred. Good Communication Client Handling, Technically Good, Target Oriented, Proposal Making. Expe... 
 Are you passionate about marketing and technology? You are well-versed with digital marketing concepts and can use social media for lead generation and revenue. We are looking out for a project manager with the experience of team and client management. Absolutely must be able to work independently with little input required. Must be able to think intuitively, good problem-solving skills. The ideal candidate will be able to identify a client's desires and create a digital marketing plan to cater to these desires. This individual will have experience in creating a plan and communicating the timelines, goals and budget to the relevant teams. Throughout their role, this individual will serve as a liaison between the client and various teams and facilitate communication between teams. Anyone who requires lots of input and cannot work things out for themselves need not apply. Responsibilities Outline project goals, timeline, budget and execution plan Follow compliance and quality standards throughout the project Facilitate communication between relevant internal business units Communicate with client to understand needs and manage expectations Qualifications Experience in digital marketing space or relevant area Strong analytical, communication and leadership skills Experience working with social media in professional setting Knowledge of industry trends and standards 
 Skills:  Email Marketing ,  Internet Marketing ,  Lead Generation ,  Marketing Strategy ,  Social Media Marketing 
 Client:  chaseinsulations  ,  India 
 Competitor analysis ,seo strategy and seo  
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Ad Planning & Buying  Posted: 09th Dec 2020 Ends: 7 days   12 Proposals 
 Need an expert who can analyze the competitor strategy deeply and accordingly make a strategy for doing SEO of our site 
