 Medical Billing and Coding Certification 
 We know that medical billing and coding is an in-demand profession. But it's not something you can just jump into. While you don't need a degree, you will need post-secondary training. Once you complete training, it is often recommended to seek industry certification. (A good training program will prepare you for both your career and certification). 
 As an entry-level medical billing and coding pro, there are two industry certifications to consider. The first is the Certified Professional Coder (CPC) offered by the  American Academy of Professional Coders  (AAPC). The other is Certified Coding Associate (CCA) offered by  American Health Information Management Association  (AHIMA). 
 Although certification isn't necessarily a prerequisite of employment, it can make you a desirable hire in the eyes of employers. But before you even think about gaining certification, you'll need to go through training. Remember, a good program will set you up for success in your career and will prepare you to seek certification post-graduation. 
 Medical Billing and Coding Training 
 The  Online Medical Billing and Coding Certification Training Program at CareerStep  prepares students to work as a medical billing and coding specialist AND obtain certification after graduating. Did I mention you can do it all entirely online in as little as four months? It's true. Full-time students can complete training in a few short months and be one step closer to securing employment. 
 The  Online Medical Billing and Coding Certification Training Program at CareerStep  prepares students to work as a medical billing and coding specialist AND obtain certification after graduating. Did I mention you can do it all entirely online in as little as four months? It's true. Full-time students can complete training in a few short months and be one step closer to securing employment. 
 And because Career Step has developed relationships with employers over the years, many of their graduates have jobs immediately following graduation. There are even opportunities for remote employment! 
 With Career Step, you'll have the knowledge and skills to increase your earning potential as a medical billing and coding pro. 
 To learn more about the many benefits of the training program and how you can enroll, visit the  Career Step career and education training page . 
 Medical Billing and Coding Jobs 
 Many medical billing pros work for physicians, hospitals, clinics and other healthcare facilities. But there are a number of medical billing and coding jobs from home too. 
