 Adaku is an accomplished International Energy Attorney with global experience in the oil and gas industry. She has worked and led legal teams in many African Countries. She is the CEO OF DAX consult, a consulting firm with offices in Nigeria,Ghana and Liberia, which provides legal and business advisory services to local and foreign companies. She is a Mandela Washington Fellow, was named Attorney of the Year at the African Legal Awards in 2017 and Young African Professional of the Year at the 2018 African Leadership Awards! She holds LLB from the University of Nigeria, a BL from the Nigerian Law School an LLM in Oil and Gas from the University of Aberdeen, a Certification in Public Management from the University of California Davis, a Certification in Energy Sector Leadership from the UNISA Graduate School of Business Leadership South Africa and a Certification in Gender & Sexuality from the University of British Columbia. 
 She shared her inspiring career journey with  LFE! 
 The legal profession is very diverse, and it can be difficult to chose a sector to focus on. How did you know you wanted to pursue a career in oil and gas sector after Law School?  I didn’t know at first because I didn’t really have a plan as to what sector of law I wanted to practice in. I started out wanting to work in Intellectual Property, but couldn’t find a law firm which would let me do that alone so I ended up in Maritime Litigation for my trainee year. While I was doing that, Diezani Alison-Madueke was appointed Minister for Petroleum Resources in Nigeria. I’d always thought the oil and gas industry was interesting but her appointment really fired my imagination and ambition and I suddenly saw how far a woman could take a career in oil and gas. 
 Which is why representation is so important. If you don’t know what your dreams look like, how do you know what to aspire to.After my trainee year I left Nigeria to the University of Aberdeen to get a Masters in Oil & Gas Law and after that got my first job in oil and gas as Legal Counsel for GE Oil & Gas, the servicing business of the General Electric Company. 
 You have worked in many African Countries which is so amazing! How did you find a job abroad and maneuver through the process?  I saw the job ad on LinkedIn and at first didn’t apply because the role required someone who was fluent in Spanish and French, which are two of the official languages of Equatorial Guinea, where the role was located. 
 A friend convinced me to apply regardless and I literally sent in my application the day before the deadline. I received a response a few days later, went through one written interview and one spoken interview and in less than three weeks was hired for the role. Although I didn’t meet one of the requirements, my experience was sufficient and even far outweighed what the role required, that they were willing to waive the language requirement. Which really taught me an important lesson in job applications, prior to that I always stuck to applying for jobs I was 100% qualified for and its apparently the norm for a lot of women. We really need to dispense with that attitude and apply anyway, you never know what you think might not be important might be what they’re looking for. 
