 Required Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Systems, or a related discipline and two years of professional experience working as a software engineer. 
 Combinations of education and related experience may be considered. 
 Demonstrated ability to work with enterprise-scale software development. Understanding of common design patterns, service-oriented architecture, test-driven development, and agile methodology. Excellent interpersonal skills and a customer service orientation. Excellent ability to effectively communicate and exchange information. Willingness to work as part of a team in a dynamic and complex environment. Ability to use creativity in identifying complex problems and finding solutions quickly and accurately. Strong attention to detail in communicating technical issues and implementing solutions; mental discipline in resolving software problems. Ability to change priorities as project expands or project needs change. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Knowledge of identity and access management concepts including single sign-on, SAML, OpenID Connect, OAuth, role-based access and authorizations. Understanding of object-orient programming concepts and skilled in software development using Java. Working knowledge of Kubernetes or Docker. Skilled in developing highly available software solutions. Three or more years of experience. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Knowledge of identity and access management concepts including single sign-on, SAML, OpenID Connect, OAuth, role-based access and authorizations. Understanding of object-orient programming concepts and skilled in software development using Java. Working knowledge of Kubernetes or Docker. Skilled in developing highly available software solutions. Three or more years of experience. 
 Working Conditions / Demands 
 Must be able to work at a computer screen particularly for long periods of time. Must be able to perform detailed work (programs, documents, or reports); interact with staff and clients; handle the stress of performing multiple concurrent tasks with constant interruptions. 
 Equipment utilized: workstation, printers, copiers, telephones, videoconferencing and other office equipment. 
 Work Location 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
