 Education and qualifications:  A minimum of a bachelor's degree in accounting, business, finance, marketing or a similar field is needed. Certification is available through the  Institute of Management Consultants . 
 Responsibilities:  A consulting manager, or management consultant, either works with various departments within his own organization or he consults with several companies as an independent contractor. His job requirements include identifying, recommending and executing solutions for complex issues. He may also collaborate with different departments on certain projects. 
 Attorney 
 Median base salary:  $96,678 
 Prime cities:  Los Angeles, New York, Washington, D.C. 
 Education and qualifications:  Attorneys complete a four-year undergraduate degree, then three years of law school and must pass the bar exam for their state. If a lawyer wants to practice in more than one state, he or she usually must take the bar exam for every state where he or she plans to practice. 
 Education and qualifications:  A bachelor's degree in computer science plus experience working in a related field is needed to qualify for this position. Certification from Microsoft or another entity related to programming skills and technology skills would be good to have. 
 Responsibilities:  A cloud engineer solves technology issues in a cloud computing setting. His duties may include designing, planning and overseeing the cloud. He may also need to recover lost data or data that's been compromised. A cloud engineer embraces all the features of a cloud architect and a cloud software engineer. 
 Tax Manager 
 Median base salary:  $96,175 
 Prime cities:  Boston; Houston, New York 
 Education and qualifications:  A four-year-degree in accounting, business administration, economics or finance is required. A master's degree in tax law business or accounting and more than four years of work experience improves your chances of landing the job. A CPA is required to work at any public traded company. 
