 There is an app that I currently use on my  Nexus 7  called  SoloLearn . As a supplement to the  Codecademy  course, I went through and completed the HTML course on the SoloLearn app. Recently, SoloLearn has connected with LinkedIn and now posts a "Certification of Completion" on your profile after you complete a course through the app. I'm partially finished with the CSS, and think it would be great to have another certification on my profile, but prefer to put more of my focus on learning Ruby, at the moment. 
 Meetups  are another fantastic resource when learning to code! They allow you to learn in a group setting, make new friends, and a lot of the ones in Chicago are absolutely free! The very first tech meetup I attended was back in January of this year. This full-day event was on  Chef : "Automagic your machine with Chef". This was part of the Womens DIY Series. I knew I wasn't going to understand everything, but I figured I would learn something! This was the first time I truly learned how to use a text editor and the terminal on my Mac (and not be afraid of it). The day consisted of going through a tutorial with the help from TAs and guides, listening to lightning talks about various topics, and eating delicious food (provided by the organization!). This was also the first time I got a  Github  account and pushed part of the tutorial on to my profile. Everyone was very helpful, encouraging and kind. 
 Another meetup that sticks out in my mind is: Women Who Code Chicago "Intro to Programming". Another full-day event, we learned basics to back-end programming, listened to lightning talks, and were given a few tasks to figure out on our own. Guides were around to help us out if we needed anything. I have also attended the full-day  Cassandra  Chicago "event" (free food and t-shirt provided!), more than a few Anyone Can Learn To Code Chicago meetups, and look forward to an upcoming Railsbridge Chicago class this Tuesday, as well as a  Django Girls  event in June, as part of the Girl Develop It series. An application process was involved in this last event. Applying and getting accepted is such a foreign concept to me after facing rejection after rejection in music. Horray for little victories! 
 At one of the meetups, I met Martin (yes, this is his real name!). Not unlike myself, Martin is moving to a warmer climate (he just moved to Maui) and wants to pursue a career in programming. We have been trying to collaborate on a project together: building and "fixing" a website for his friend's company. Before Martin moved, he and I met in cafes and discussed what needed to be done to the site (HTML, CSS skills), and now we "meet" on Skype. So far, I have learned a bit about fonts and design principles, and how to collaborate on a project using Github (still learning how to do this). I hope we can produce a good product for his friend. What a learning process! 
 More free resources for learning on your own are  Khan Academy  and  Code School . Even my mom is on Khan Academy, brushing up on her math skills! Both websites utilize videos in the teaching process. Code School has classes on learning Git, and even a "Rails for Zombie" course. 
 If you are into podcasts,  CodeNewbie  is an encouraging, information-packed one to listen to. Their website (and podcast) is geared towards "newbies" in the industry. It is exciting to listen to how others have successfully transitioned out of their current careers (bartending, professional ice-skating, etc) into tech, and the path they took to get there. 
