 Level 1 of the Online Entrepreneur Certification consisting of 10 Lessons 
 Level 1 in the Affiliate Boot Camp Training another 10 Lessons 
 Beginners Training Course 
 2 Free Websites on the siterubix.com subdomain 
 Website Backup 
 Free Hosting for both Websites 
 Online Entrepreneur Certification (50 Lessons)This 5 Phase, 50 Lesson course is going to be the fundamental core of your knowledge base and by the time you are finished this training you are going to be well-equipped to succeed within ANY niche, category or vertical online. This training is updated regularly to keep you ahead of your competition and industry trends. 
 Affiliate Boot Camp Training (70 Lessons) Affiliate Boot Camp is going to take you from a potential newbie in the “make money” niche, and turn you into a thriving and successful entrepreneur. No secret is left unattended, no golden nugget left out. Affiliates that have taken this course are thriving and many will be attending the  full expense paid trip to Vegas  this year (and you can too). 
 Classrooms, Evolving Daily (12 Classrooms) We have the most diverse subset of training in the world. There are MANY ways in which you can build a business and monetize it online. From e-commerce, drop shipping, local marketing, Adsense, Facebook ads, SEO, pay-per-click, email marketing, lead generation, etc. All of these topics are going to be covered within the classrooms and throughout the platform at Wealthy Affiliate. If you don’t see the training you are looking for, simply request it. An expert within the community will build it! 
 Earn Revenue Creating Your Own Training. Want to earn some extra money simply by giving back to the community? As a Premium Member (after 3 months) you have the ability to create your own video training, text tutorials as well as courses. Payments for training are sent monthly and it can be a way to subsidize your entire membership costs at WA. 
 Site SSL – Free SSL certificates (Website Encryption) Websites with SSL installed on them are starting to rank much better than non-SSL websites in search engines! With Site SSL at Wealthy Affiliate, you can set up SSL certificates for completely FREE on any domain that you own. It is instant and we have broken the convention because these are typically “paid” services elsewhere (typically $150 per year, per domain), but completely included in the Premium membership for any domain that you host. 
 24/7/365 Site Support – Average Response < 5 minutes! Need instant hosting help? Unlike other hosting companies where you have to contact an unqualified “help desk”, through the Site Support platform you are getting direct access to our server administrators (the technical geniuses) and they will address any hosting issues you have immediately. This is 24/7/365, so regardless if it is 3 am or dinner time, you are in good hands. Average response time is less than 5 minutes for all requests. 
