 Senior Product Manager  Job Title:  Senior Product Manager Based In:  New York, NY (Remote) Qualifications:  eCommerce, ZenDesk, ERP Implementation Salary:  $130 -150k, Full Benefits, 401k, etc.Based in NYC, we know how much people love and care for their pets. We are producing human-grade, freshly made meals with real ingredients dogs love to eat, picking ingredients based on their individual nutritional needs and delivering it directly to homes. Our food is vet approved and gives owners the confidence that their dog is eating the right food for them. As the Senior Product Manager, you would be a part of building the leading consumer pet subscription business. Top Reasons to Work with Us - Backed by the same venture capital companies behind Instacart, Warby Parker, Glamsquad, Mirror, Prose, and Allbirds. What You Will Be Doing - Define the platform roadmap and identify tools to support our consumer subscription business and eCommerce platform.- Focus on materially improving the operations to scale our company. - Oversee the successful introduction of upgrades and transitions to core internal platforms.- Help define their technology requirements and assist with vendor selection for supply chain, manufacturing, and logistics.- Lead our technical partnerships with distribution partners, logistics partners, and security partners to ensure robust, safe business. What You Need for this Position  5+ years of experience in: - eCommerce- Consumer Goods or Consumer Subscription Services Experience with: - Replatforming, Warehouse Management, Customer Experience Tooling- ERP Implementation- BigCommerce, ZenDesk, Kustomer, Gladly, Logiwa- Venture-backed startup What's In It for You - Vacation/PTO- Medical- Dental- Vision- 401kIf interested please email Evan.Flanagan@CyberCoders.com with your updated resume, as interviews are on-going now! - Applicants must be authorized to work in the U.S.  CyberCoders, Inc is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Your Right to Work  – In compliance with federal law, all persons hired will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification document form upon hire. 
 REMOTE Senior RoR Engineer 
 [ __ 
 CyberCoders 
 ](https://workthenorth.com/company/cybercoders/) [ __ 
 Nationwide, US 
