 Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand by July 31, 2014, clear evidence of research and publication activity, solid evidence of teaching effectiveness, and knowledge of Modern Hebrew. 
 Applicants for this position must apply online to  http://www.jobsatuc.com  (position number 213UC6187). Cover letter should address the candidate’s effectiveness and consistency with both the position and the mission of the Department and indicate experience and success with teaching and interacting with culturally diverse populations. Include a current vita, samples of scholarly work, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. Three letters of recommendation should be sent electronically to Matthew Kraus  matthew.kraus@uc.edu  (phone: 513-556-2298) or mailed to Judaic Studies Search Committee C/O Matthew Kraus Dept. of Judaic Studies, University of Cincinnati, PO Box 210169 Cincinnati, OH 45221-0169. Applications must be submitted by November 7, 2013 and will not be considered complete until all letters of recommendation have been received. For questions, please contact Professor Jana Braziel, Chair of Search Committee (513) 556-0350 [ jana.braziel@uc.edu ]. 
 Application deadline: November 7, 2013. Screening of applications will begin promptly on November 7 and will continue until the position is filled. The University of Cincinnati is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, people of color, people with disability and veterans are encouraged to apply. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the annual meetings of AAR/SBL and AJS. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Cincinnati ,  Israel: Religion ,  Jewish Studies ,  Job Market ,  Jobs ,  Modern Hebrew ,  Modern Jewish Thought ,  Religion ,  Tenure Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Oxford, OI, Research Lectureship in Israel Studies 
 Posted on  February 10, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Qualifications: A doctoral degree by the start date is required. 
 Additional Information: Applicants should submit a letter of interest, including a statement on teaching, a CV, a statement of current and future research plans, a writing sample of no more than fifty pages, and contact information for three referees or a dossier service. To apply visit the College of Social Sciences and Humanities website at:  http://www.northeastern.edu/cssh/  and click on the Faculty Positions button. Please address inquiries about the position to Mitchell Orenstein, Chair of the Israel Studies Search Committee,  m.orenstein@neu.edu . 
 Review of applications will begin February 22, 2013, but the search will remain open until the position is filled. 
 https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=46285 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Israel ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Northeastern University  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Assistant Lecturer, Modern Israel. Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation, Monash 
