 Minimum Qualification  s: The candidate will have a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering or a related discipline, as well as at least four years of full-time industry or government experience in medical device software development.  Candidates for the position must clearly demonstrate the potential for excellence in teaching and have a record of (or clear potential for) distinguished student mentorship. The candidate should be willing to support the mission of LUC and the goals of a Jesuit Catholic Education. 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Loyola University Chicago 
 Loyola University Chicago, a private university founded in 1870 as St. Ignatius College, is the nation’s largest Jesuit, Catholic University and the only one located in Chicago. Shaped by our city and our Jesuit traditions, Loyola University Chicago offers students an educational environment unmatched for its diversity of thought and experience. Loyola University Chicago comprises four campuses: Lake Shore (LSC), Water Tower (WTC), Health Sciences (HSC), and the John Felice Rome Center in Italy, and is home to eleven schools and colleges: Arrupe College, Quinlan School of Business, Marcella Niehoff School of Nursing, Stritch School of Medicine, College of Arts and Sciences, School of Communication, School of Continuing and Professional Studies, School of Education, School of Law, School of Social Work, and Graduate School. Loyola also features course locations in Beijing, China; Saigon-Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; Vernon Hills, Illinois (Cuneo Mansion and Gardens); and a Retreat and Ecology Campus in Woodstock, Illinois. With three campuses spread throughout the greater Chicago area, students have access to hundreds of cultural institutions as well as thousands of internships a...nd networking opportunities with the city's Fortune 500 companies. Study-abroad programs at our Rome and Beijing Centers provide engagement with the global community and economy. While rigorous programs of research and study are one hallmark of a Jesuit education, we're not just preparing students for a career, we're preparing them for life. We challenge our students to learn broadly, to think critically, to serve generously, to lead with integrity, to respect diversity. We come from all faiths and ethnic and economic backgrounds, with a common purpose of building a better society. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
