 What Do Your Qualifications Say About You? 
 The choices we make post University can either bolster or undermine our piece of paper. While a degree in engineering or planning may attract the attention of boutique recruitment companies like One Key Resources, a lack of volunteer work or engaging extra-curricular activities may count against you. Companies and agencies feel comfortable with hiring candidates who reflect their philosophy, embrace teamwork, and show initiative, beyond the pedestrian qualifications and degrees. Highlight your differences – you have exactly ten seconds to make an impression as a person and a professional; don’t waste time with unreadable fonts and pointless layouts. If you’re a tad under-qualified, make it clear you’re a student of life and experience, enthusiastic to learn all you can from a reputable company. They might be impressed with your hustle. If in doubt, supplement your qualifications with relevant TAFE or vocational courses. 
 It’s All Here, In Black & White 
 Tailoring a brand CV and  cover letter  to each specific role may be boring, time-consuming, and a little counter-productive. After all, if your pages don’t pass the glance test, is it time wasted and better spent elsewhere? No. An up-to-date, targeted CV speaks volumes about its applicant. Your cover letter will be scrutinized – did you manage to address your application to the right name? What salutation did you use? Have you dated and structured the letter correctly? Have you responded to the criteria or just sent through a template, with a few details swapped out for good measure? The smallest details can and will get you over the line. 
 Look Who’s Calling! 
 Cultivating and managing lasting professional relationships is essential to career progression. Sounds like a lot of work, huh? It will pay off. If you’ve had issues in the past or you didn’t particularly get along with your past employer, leave them off the reference list. Instead, record a senior member of the company that you worked with and seek their permission to use them as a reference. It sounds simple, but a lot of job seekers forget to notify their referees about the call that may be coming. Keep everyone in the loop, let them know about the job you’ve applied for and why you think you’re good for the position – selling yourself to someone you know will help you down the track, if you reach the interview stage. 
