 ACADEMIC VASCULAR SURGEON McMaster University in conjunction with Hamilton Health Sciences is seeking an academic Vascular Surgeon. The Regional Vascular Program serves a catchment area of more than 2.5 million residents and has some of the largest case volumes in Canada providing comprehensive care across multiple sites: Hamilton Health Sciences, St Joseph’s Healthcare, Niagara Health Services, as well as Joseph Brant Hospital in Burlington and the Brantford General Hospital. The regional service also provides tertiary and quaternary level care to patients from other regions of the province and plays an essential role in the support of other regional programs including cardiac, trauma, surgical oncology, and renal disease and transplantation. The regional vascular service together with the Department of Surgery, McMaster University is a fully accredited Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada training program in Vascular Surgery with full involvement in undergraduate, post-graduate and continuing medical education programs. The successful candidate will be expected to demonstrate experience and training in contemporary management of vascular disease appropriate for an academic referral Centre. The successful applicant’s clinical skill set must include facility with surgical, endovascular (both aortic and peripheral), and “hybrid” interventions for arterial and venous disease. This position will provide major support to the Trauma Service; applicants with experience in limb salvage and Trauma are preferred. He/she will be expected to show evidence of interpersonal and collaborative skills and initiative to further advance the clinical and academic productivity of the regional vascular service. An academic full time appointment at the appropriate level in the Department of Surgery, Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University will be available to the successful applicant. A commitment and demonstrated interest in surgical education at all levels is essential, as well as active participation in research programs and academic initiatives of the Vascular Surgery Division and the Department of Surgery. It is essential that Candidates possess advanced research training and/or a track record of research success in either clinical or basic science. This position will be supporting an existing full time position and hence will begin with a 50 % clinical resource. Academic funding to support research activity will be available to the successful candidate. Applicants must have a Fellowship in Vascular Surgery, Certification from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, or Equivalent, and be eligible for licensure in the Province of Ontario. McMaster University is strongly committed to employment equity within its community, and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. The University encourages applications from all qualified candidates, including women, members of visible minorities, Aboriginal peoples, members of sexual minorities, and persons with disabilities. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: “Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” or “No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” 
 How To Apply 
 Applications must include an up-to-date curriculum vitae, and a description of previous academic experience, as well as of specialty training. Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Submissions can be made to: 
 Dr. Susan Reid, Professor and Chair, 
 Department of Surgery, 
 Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University 
