 Minimum Qualifications: 
 The candidate will have a Ph.D. in Computer Science or closely related field at the time of appointment with a strong background in Software Engineering or Computing Systems including all relevant technical areas: mobile software development and frameworks, software architecture, analysis, testing, security, databases, networks, and cloud computing. Candidates for the position must clearly demonstrate the potential for excellence in research and teaching and have a record of (or potential for) distinguished scholarship, grant-funded research, and student mentorship. The candidate should be willing to support the mission of LUC and the goals of a Jesuit Catholic Education. 
 Internal Number: 14522 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Loyola University Chicago 
 Loyola University Chicago, a private university founded in 1870 as St. Ignatius College, is one of the nation's largest Jesuit, Catholic Universities and the only one located in Chicago. Loyola University Chicago is comprised of four campuses: Lake Shore (LSC), Water Tower (WTC), Health Sciences (HSC), and the John Felice Rome Center in Italy, and is home to ten schools and colleges: arts and sciences, business administration, communication, education, graduate studies, law, medicine, nursing, continuing and professional studies, and social work. Loyola also features course locations in Beijing, China; Saigon-Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; Vernon Hills, Illinois (Cuneo Mansion and Gardens); and a Retreat and Ecology Campus in Woodstock, Illinois. Recognizing Loyola's excellence in education, U.S.News and World Report has ranked Loyola consistently among the "top national universities" in its annual publications. Loyola is among a select group of universities recognized for community service and engagement by prestigious national organizations like the Carnegie Foundation and the Corporation for National and Community Service. 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
