 Qualifications: 
Candidates must have an MD, preference will be given to MD/PhD in an area relevant to psychiatric research and must have at least two years of appropriate experience relevant to clinical translational research in psychiatry. Preference will be given to clinician scientists who are working in addictions and/or child & adolescent psychiatry or other under-serviced, high clinical priority areas of importance to Alberta Health Services (AHS). The successful candidates will be expected to work at least 0.2-0.4 clinical FTE with AHS. 
 University of Alberta appointments are targeted at the level of Assistant or Associate Professor. All candidates should have an excellent emerging record of research accomplishment, including success in competing for external awards at the provincial or national level, and the ability to mentor research trainees effectively. 
 More information about this position: 
Alberta Health Services is Canada’s first and largest province wide, fully integrated health system, responsible for delivering health services to the over four million people living in Alberta, as well as to some residents of Saskatchewan, B.C. and the Northwest Territories. Alberta’s health care system is one of the best in the world and physicians in Alberta experience a variety of challenging and rewarding opportunities while also enjoying a high standard of living including exceptional recreational options. Our multi-disciplinary teams in the Edmonton Zone consisting of nursing, psychiatry, psychology, occupational therapy, social work, education, and speech language pathology provide education and assistance for more than 1.4 million people in Edmonton and surrounding areas. 
 The successful applicants will have excellent opportunities to develop collaborative interactions within and beyond the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, in the context of the current development of a funded new Translational Research Institute for Neuroscience & Mental Health. Research in the Department of Psychiatry includes biological and psychosocial aspects of psychiatry and related neurological disorders and includes clinical translational activity in anxiety and mood disorders, psychosis and addiction in children, youth and adults. Research engagement in the Department includes pharmacogenomic, genetic and neuroimaging studies and we enjoy an active on campus collaboration on machine learning and datamining with the Alberta Innovates Centre for Machine Learning (http://www.aicml.ca/). The 
