 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Make the Best of a Bad Economy ,  Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Job-Hunting in a Weak Job Market: 5 Strategies for Staying Upbeat (and Improving Your Chances of Success) 
 Job Market Blues:  A malady affecting millions of Americans during a weak job market caused by a struggling economy. Symptoms include high levels of anxiety, fear, and depression related to keeping one's current job or finding a new job, tied to the ability to pay one's bills and maintain a place to live and food to eat. 
 For many job-seekers, searching for a new job is a stressful experience. The end result, though, is usually a positive one in which the job-seeker is rewarded for his or her past accomplishments with a better job, a job that has more prestige, higher pay, and perhaps with a better organization. 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Networking ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Facing Your Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 If you're expecting a performance review soon, understand that there's no place to hide nowadays. 
 Over the years, the corporate performance review has been seen as the ticket to our annual raise or quarterly bonus. That notion has become almost automatic in our thinking, but it will be a big mistake in an economic downturn. 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Developing Your Job/Career/Life Survival Plan: Preparing for the Possibility of Losing Your Job in Weak Economic Times 
 Let's start with something positive: the job market will get better. Even though we are bombarded with news of company collapses, massive layoffs, and talk of the unemployment rate hitting close to 8 percent in 2009, we should stay focused on the things we can control which include things like upholding strong job performance, building a strong internal and external brand, and keeping a strong hold on the reality of your situation. 
 In any economy, no one's job is safe, but in a weak and unstable economy, the concept of job security goes off the table. What can you do to prepare yourself for this type of work environment? Here are 10 steps to developing your job, career, and life survival plan. 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Networking ,  Dream Job ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty: Five Overlooked Strategies to Help Make Your Job Search More Productive and Successful 
 In times when the economy falters, when financial markets fall, and when companies of all sizes in many industries announce plans to reduce their workforce, job-seekers tend to get a bit concerned about the length and success of the job search they may face. It almost goes without saying that job-hunting in a boom economy is quite different (and much easier) than job-hunting in a slumping economy. 
 Different, yes. Harder and often more time-consuming, yes. Impossible, no. Job-hunting is an art that simply takes more time and work to perfect in uncertain times than in good times. You will have to work harder and smarter at finding new opportunities, but they are out there, and if you take advantage of these five strategies you will be much better positioned to land a new job. 
Exams/Certifications & a lot more …. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Dream Job ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
