 2. Lawyer Specialty Certifications 
 If you are currently a lawyer, or you are looking to become one, thinking about getting certified in a specialty may be the way to go. This is a great option for lawyers who like practicing law but want to focus in on one specific area due to interest or financial reasons.  According to this article from NELF , the requirements for a certificate of specialization can be a bit stringent, but it may be well worth it for your career. 
 3. BBA or MBA 
 If you are in business, specifically business administration, then getting a BBA or  getting your MBA  could be a great option for you. While not absolutely necessary, getting a degree in business administration, whether a bachelors or masters, can greatly help you by increasing your knowledge on the subject and also increase your chances of getting hired. Having a degree in the subject can also help produce trust in your clients. While getting a degree is an investment in time, money and energy, it can help get you a higher salary in your field, which in the long run of your career can more than pay back the investment you have made. If you are in the business administration field, getting a degree in the area is certainly something you should consider. 
 4. Medical Certifications 
 If you are looking to start work in health care and the medical field, getting certified in different areas can be a great way to enhance and advance your career.  According to this article , there are many career paths available for someone who wants to work in healthcare without necessarily needing a degree in the field. Careers such as CNAs, EMTs and Medical Assistants are all ones that typically require some type of certification. Getting certified in these areas, or getting higher levels of certification within the fields themselves, can often lead to a pay increase and more opportunities. 
 4. Medical Certifications 
 If you are looking to start work in health care and the medical field, getting certified in different areas can be a great way to enhance and advance your career.  According to this article , there are many career paths available for someone who wants to work in healthcare without necessarily needing a degree in the field. Careers such as CNAs, EMTs and Medical Assistants are all ones that typically require some type of certification. Getting certified in these areas, or getting higher levels of certification within the fields themselves, can often lead to a pay increase and more opportunities. 
 In the end, many times getting a certification or credential is about creating trust and ensuring a level of competence in your work. By completing the training and earning a diploma or certification, you are setting yourself up for success in your career. While they can at times be quite an investment, the right certification will almost always pay off in the end and can help take you to the next level. 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
